i am well an loving this interaction how are you ? 
this is my favorite time of the year season wise 
what club did you go to ? me an timothy watched tv 
lol oh okay kind of random 
we watched a show about animals like him 
why does that matter any ? i went outdoors to play frisbee 
so ? lol i want to meet my family at home in bora 
i bet it is oh i could not 
hi , my dad is old as well , they live close to me and i see them often 
sure , i pick him up for church every sunday with my ford pickup 
i guess that means you do not go hunting often ? i love hunting , i own 3 guns 
yeah me too , i am conservative so i love church and hunting 
fishing is good . i love fishing as well 
yes that must be hard , i hope things get better for you 
yes i agree . i try to enjoy life too , whenever i am not working 
yeah but i go to church every sunday so my weekends are usually booked 
no , i work full time at a nursing home . i am a nurses aide . 
nice . yes i do . caring for people is the joy of my life . 
very cool . do you have pets ? 
yes . two dogs and a cat . they are my babies . 
i live in texas . i love riding my bike here . 
yes i am . i have always been a christian . 
oh really ? so you do not go to church often ? 
i see . that is very cool . i enjoy hearing about other practices . 
yes we got to act quickly 
i never have juice , just water . 
yes i do i work on the baby floor an i want no kids lol 
no it is easy especially being single an i like it 
i do get it i do 
yes get on it now 
anytime are you okay now ? 
do you where do you go ? 
good , do you like animals ? 
i have 2 dogs , they are great , where do you work ? 
are you afraid of heights ? i certainly am 
sure i like tv , what do you watch ? 
i do not have time to watch tv , i am an attorney so i work alot 
i certainly am , i am part native american , i live here in oklahoma 
well i do not like heights very much and i love animals . what about you ? 
i am not much fun either . so what else is new with you ? 
i am well . how about you ? 
me too . what do you do for a living ? 
i get that ! i am a doctor . pediatrics to be exact . do anything for fun ? 
me too ! well , i do not have any dogs , but i run everyday ! 
yes , it helps me clear my mind . i also love to read to escape reality sometimes too 
california . where do you live ? 
lol . i am scared of heights too . do you like to listen to music ? 
jazz . i love the smooth tunes ! 
a younger brother and no children is all . besides dad 
really . fish raw is my meal . what kind of fish ? 
my family is nice . we spend time at the weight room a lot 
we work out to hip hop artists and i love the 1990 era 
yes it is . i cherish those moments . 
am i how much younger ? how old are you ? 
no i do not . only fruit and coconut juice . also , water and supplements 
that is what is good for the body and spirit . 
that is really sad . do you have any siblings 
that was nice of him . i am almost done with college 
i am almost done i only have two years left in law school . 
that sounds important . maybe one day you will go back to school 
i do not know if we would be able to do anything because is has been so long 
do not you have to be older than 15 to work at mcdonalds ? that sounds illegal 
that is horrible and verry illegal 
i would love to help . i am not able to practice yet though 
great , i just finished a huge steak how are you ? 
i am major meat eater to build muscles 
scotch goes good with meat 
i have a brother who likes scotch 
i have just the one brother and 3 sisters 
i have a cat and a dog you would not be scared of my dog 
i am a secretary like my mom hard living and you ? 
do you want to write a story about a major meat eating bodybuilder ? 
i am great ! that is cool , i just got home from hunting . 
i do like the outdoors . . . as well as restoring classic cars . i am in missouri . 
that is good . i work as a handyman for a company that rents properties . 
i am a single parent as well . just me and my baby girl . 
it is fun to go shopping for her 
she happens to like pink a lot . . . 
lol . i have bought neutral colored items for her but she likes girly clothes . 
sorry , i do not like music , i like reading mystery books . 
growing up on a farm , you learn to read a lot more . 
nice , my job is being a truck driver , i have seven kids to feed . 
i like running , but i have no time . 
it does , i like to wear my favorite color blue when i do run . 
there is a local trail near my house in the mountains that i like . 
yes , the peach and the quiet , it is heaven . 
i bet it is hard , like karate . 
hello , doing good thanks ! no i am a wildcats fan lol 
no i ma not . go figure i am cats fan and allergic to cats lol . 
agree . i live in a small town in kentucky . 
so we are semi close neighbors . 
no . i enjoy crafts and this new game that i am trying to learn . 
i live close to where daniel boone roamed . 
i have been to small town there called mansfield . 
yes it was very nice to visit where the movie was made at . 
i am great . i am watching one tree hill . that is my favorite show 
is it the video where they are wearing purple ? best color ever 
the one at the hospital ? i am a nurse at a pediatric one 
i do not believe in sheltering animals . i am a catholic 
you could make them into a pizza . i love to eat pizza so i would buy 
why not ? it sounds like a good plan 
i only like to eat animals . they look funny 
hi . i am more the mousy type . numbers are my world at my day job . you ? 
i am just an ohio mom with two amazing sons . not married though . 
great pet name . i do not have any pets unless you count my car , sally . 
yep . the leaves change here and it is beautiful . i like to hike in fall . 
it is a great time of year for sure . do you have any hobbies ? 
too busy with the boys for much besides hiking . 
being a single parent is not easy . thanks for the encouragement . 
oh i am so well ! how are you my land friend ? 
oh i spend most of my time at school , when i am not in the water . 
how sweet ! do you live on land ? i live way under the sea ! 
oh so you have legs and feet ? 
well if you can find a sea hag to turn her into one . 
no mother in laws i hear are far worse . 
you have two ? do you have two wives ? 
i live in florida but my family is from toronto 
cool . how old are you ? 
nice . i am 16 and i would like to be in the army 
i like making websites and i drink a lot of lipton 
what type of job should i look at ? 
i do ! i play ice hockey sometimes 
can you do lots of tricks ? 
can you play any instruments ? 
hello , my leg is really giving me pain today . 
thank you . what are you doing ? 
i am just about to cook dinner ; what will you order ? 
i like pizza . do you let your son make the decisions ? 
that is lucky for him . 
well that is nice that you all get along . 
well , i ride show horses , but i am hoping to retire soon , you ? 
that sounds fun ! i have not played poker . 
i prefer pop music . i try to stay up with the trends . 
you skateboard professionally ? wow , how exciting ! lots of travel ? 
what do you do for a living ? 
oh my , and i thought my life was dramatic ! do you have a family ? 
love is hard and hurtful . alone is best , i have found . 
my best friend betrayed me jerry springer style in high school and it still stings . 
so very true . i try to focus on my education instead of my heartache . 
hi , sure if you stop cutting womens hair so short 
i am a chef and i can cook good but i am not happy about my weight . 
short hair is ok for guys and dogs but my husband hates it on women . 
i can make 5 different kinds depending what cheese and toppings 
i have 3 hungry kids and a husband to cook for . luckily he works at night . 
i am a chef during the day at work and again at home for the kids 
we like our schedule . that way we do not get tired of each other 
10 years and people say i am an awesome cook . lots of repeat customers 
just two right now and a siamese cat . 
oh , i no longer work at the bank but for exercise walk a mile a day . 
better than walking alone . i also make quilts and give them away to family . 
what is your major in school ? 
have your very own test subjects . 
well , got to go now . . . . see you . 
okay going out to walk some more . 
i drive a toyota ! what is your favorite band ? 
i am still rocking to nirvana . i love animals ! 
my grandfather , all my uncles and my dad were police officers . 
i have always wanted to be a cop . i work with animals . 
that is pretty sweet . i love making everyday sunday i cant get him off my mind . 
i like to run , create art , and take naps ! how about you ? 
i want a ranch full of animals . i am getting hungry . i need to start making dinner . 
what are you going to make ? give me some ideas ! ! 
just as fantastic as i possibly can be and yourself ? 
what are you studying , may i ask ? 
cool i am in jail right now so can i ask you some questions ? 
so i am here for selling sea monkeys like you see in comic books 
what do you mean ? i got convicted for mail fraud cuz sea monkeys do not exist 
yes i thought they were real too , i got duped by my supplier 
yeah i had this tiny little nun public defender she slapped witnesses with a ruler ! 
next thing i know i am peeling onions and my cell mates cat is pissing on my bunk ! 
i am well an you ? like dogs . 
names ? i have 3 dogs 
awe how old are they ? 
i went here in ohio like pizza ? 
what is your favorite holiday ? 
my fav is christmas i love that day 
both i just love it , need your hair done ? 
yes i can do all that when you need me ? 
i am doing pretty good , how are you ? 
green . what do you do for fun ? 
kool ! i like to play fantasy video games . 
just like that , i also build model spaceships in my free time . 
yes , we do . do you like animals ? 
not really , i am pretty shy . i like cats . 
kool , what kind of dog is he ? 
no ! i am a jew ! i assume you like bacon ? 
yeah , that is fine . i prefer savoury foods to sweet anyway . do you like music ? 
i would , but i live in new york so do not drive , which is difficult 
could hike there , but camping might be tricky ? do you watch much tv 
tricky what about in the evening ? the office is my fave at the moment 
gosh , i thought all the children would need to be asleep by then 
impressive you are obviously a hard worker 
ok lets do it . movies ? 
i was born in south carolina you ? i am a singer 
my name is joanna and i like horror films 
interesting , what do you do for work ? 
i can understand that . 
big city now . helps with my career in singing 
mostly country . like the way it makes me feel and relates to life 
took a very long time for me to land a deal . 
hey there ! i am wonderful how are you doing today ? 
i am a singer actually which can be work but i love it , how about you ? 
folk music , its kind of like storytelling . people dig it , you listen to music ? 
i am average height , i am the shortest of my 3 sisters . you ? 
do you have any siblings ? 
do you work ? or your parents work ? 
college ? studying anything in particular ? 
just music right now , its pretty great . dad drove a semi , mom stayed home 
hello , i am ok just hanging out here . do you have pets ? 
i work as a carpenter , stay at home mostly . kinda a loner 
i can not see my self as a salesman not good at socializing 
i use to drink a lot and since i quit so did my friends 
i would agree that is it good . my friends were not true friends 
well that is human nature min . you are no fun people run . 
lol that can be just has fun or bad just depends if you are responsible 
i can see that , i did some back in my younger days 
hello i am doing well . hanging out with my dog pedro 
he is a yorkie . perfect size for me since i am only five feet tall . 
he is five . he likes to eat muffins like me . 
yes , there is one at my job at the healthcare industry . 
yes . i also like film do you ? 
so do i . i also like documentaries , do you ? 
same here . anything else you want to share with me ? 
what kind of cars ? my car needs to get fixed . maybe you can find mine ? 
i am great . just relaxing and knitting some hats for the babies at my old job . 
childrens hospital until i became disabled . what do you do ? 
that is a great industry . what kind of music do you like ? 
yes . i love to cook and i am looking for someone to build me some cooling racks . 
me too what is your favorite ? chevelle ? cadillac ? oldsmobile ? 
i prefer to cook vegan food . what do you like to eat ? 
well they are not good for you but they taste great ! do you like french fries ? 
do you have any plans for the weekend ? 
i am great . what are you doing up so late ? 
i am definitely a night owl . you know chatting will nott help you sleep . 
i know how that is . i love to craft but being colorblind makes it hard 
i love to sing . sometimes i go sing karaoke . 
you should , it is great fun ! 
that must be a lot of work but very rewarding i bet 
not yet . i have not found the right man to settle down with . 
that is a long time . good job ! i am envious 
i like to be outdoors . hiking , camping , you know 
sometimes i will fish on my trips , but that is it . 
i do not have any siblings . i go alone or with friends 
she is a nurse in a hospital 
there is not much to tell . i drive her to work sometimes in my truck 
no , i never got into it 
good for him . i love my stereo 
fix things on my truck 
i am fine shopping for clothes wyd ? 
i like jeans an boots 
amazon is my favorite store , you cannot go wrong . 
no i pick pretty well trust me 
no i do not an have a good 12 
i do but not now 
i do not especially becoming a certified nurse ! 
yes i love it an shopping an my sis 
not bad its a beautiful night in california and you ? 
yes they are pretty cool 
haha do you ever cosplay i got into it lately at school 
nice i go to homeschool but they let me do events at public school 
its ok parents pulled me from public saying its too dangerous 
what color is your hair ? i dyed mine blue and not sure why 
cool do you like robots ? i have one that is really cool 
no i named it sita from a book 
i am fine and you 
amazing fresh foods and veggies sounds yummy 
awesome . tell me more about yourself 
i work at the hospital in labor and delivery 
i work around them so much i do not want none 
plus i work out in the gym 7days a week no time 
its so much fun . i am single and alone so i use it to catch women 
yes it does . it depends on the woman 
great and how was your day ? 
i can imagine . i thought about having children but i am not ready yet . 
i am in fashion design school . i want to have my own fashion line one day . 
what dish do you like to cook the most ? 
yum . that sounds absolutely delicious . i would love to try it . 
i have been doing community service for stealing . 
i have been so confused lately . my parents were never there . 
i had a best friend but she took my boyfriend . we no longer speak . 
i am great ! just got home from working with dogs all day ! 
i love dogs ! i have dogs and i get to train them at work , too ! 
i hope you feel better soon . what do you like to do for fun ? 
i love to dance . and bake i love sweets ! 
how fun ! what a great place to take pictures ! 
woah ! salty ! i bake every weekend , so luckily i work out regularly ! 
that sounds like hard work ! 
hot yoga is great . good thing to do after a weekend of brownies and cupcakes ! 
not really . i enjoy video games and reading mostly . do you workout ? 
are you a bodybuilder ? what do you do for a living ? 
that is interesting . i am also a vegan and a vet . i love animals . 
a sister in california , where we grew up . i am in florida now . you ? 
yes ! i rap on the weekends myself too . my friends like country , boo . 
i did not even know gucci was getting married . who to ? 
do they have any kids together ? 
i bet they will be so cute . and their names will be off the hook . 
hello , i am an accountant from ohio . i have two boys and i am single . 
oh a beetle how cool . i have a boring honda civic . what are your hobbies ? 
how amazing ! i love to go hiking . what books have you written ? 
very cool ! yes , i love to hike you get some beautiful views ! 
i never thought of that . i love clothes as well . 
good luck , being a doctor is hard . maybe you will write medical books . 
ah , fiction books . as long as you are doing what you love you can not go wrong . 
i am doing great . just watching a movie . 
i worked at dairy queen . i am in school now . 
what kind of skating do you do ? 
i used to skateboard . now i just study and play video games . 
i love chips so much . what food do you like ? 
i like pizza too . the sauce is the best part . 
is that like a alfredo sauce ? 
i think i ate it once at a party . 
hey , not bad . hunting , that is cool . do you hunt for sport or meat ? 
awesome . i love meat . i eat a high protein meat based diet . 
not me , but maybe for my brother . are you a realtor ? 
sweet . i do not work for a company , i do bodybuilding for a living . 
indeed ! so do you have any family ? 
i see ! so besides my brother i have my mom . she is a secretary . 
yes , not married and no kids , so my brother and mom are all i have . you ? 
do they go hunting with you ever ? 
registered nurse it s not raining fine 
watching one tree hill is relaxing for me 
you guys like pizza it s my favorite 
hey i am a cat catholic devout 
i m not remain silent but purple is my favorite 
sorry for the typo what i mean is 
i m having a hard time typing sorry 
ok what else do you do for fun 
hi i barb . tired from school . how about you ? 
i am going to be a hairdresser . how is your garden coming along ? 
i have an aquarium . i keep exotic fish ! and i collect also . 
i do not get a chance . i kill time with my vintage collection . from 1950s 
decorations mainly . that sounds very exciting . alone or with family ? 
the nemo looking one . i stare at him when i eat my granola every morning 
where do you go to college ? 
harvard school of haircuts . full scholarship , got the full ride . 
i am well . how are you ? 
that is great . i live far from the beach . 
i keep busy with my seven children . 
do you reach mysteries to your children ? they are my favorite type of novel . 
do you teach them about animals , as i grew up on a farm . 
great , how about colors ? my favorite is blue 
great , anything else you can tell me about yourself ? 
how old is your son ? 
slow . school today , my lst year thank god . 
high school . i am going to med school after i finish . auburn u 
well i am only 17 , would rather do something with fashion though 
cause my pops wants it . one of those things . 
lol ! try racing a beetle , that was something dad said no to right away 
i do not want that day to come . i want to hold onto my youth ! 
oh i miss the days of crayons being my hardest decision already 
he advice i have gotten thus far is tht credit scores are real 
hi , i am lucy . just getting ready for another day at the office 
i am a secretary . that is neat , what subject do you want to teach 
kindergarten would be fun ! do you play any sports 
i played soccer in college ! we won a cup one season 
that sounds like fun ! i just almost choked on a piece of candy 
i have never met anyone who knew that . do you like candy 
i like all candy ! those are pretty good . sour gummy worms are my favorite 
true , they could be quite hazardous 
hello , sure why not ! how old are you ? i just turned 34 
my 2 kiddos are in kindergarten , they want to graduate at mississippi university like me 
no . only 12 ? so no job yet . i have done real estate 12 years now 
must be a brutal 12 year old ! haha ! i try to do environmental work too . 
that is good . we should all take better care of the planet . we only have one . 
i hated science . i am a history buff . not american though , ancient history . 
exactly . and since i love to read then it makes better sense to me . 
they had a very advanced society . too bad the spaniards killed them all . 
sure , i am darlene and i work 2 part time jobs right now . 
i do not much but i am a fan of anything fantasy so that helps . 
i will try that , any hobbies , i want to try writing fantasy books . 
i like that show to , greys anatomy is a favorite of mine , any kids or other person ? 
i think a fantasy world something like avatar , i always wanted a part 2 . 
the blue people , any hobbies for you ? 
sounds interesting , what is your favorite of your collection ? 
wow sounds awesome , what do you do for a living ? 
i am super swell , got home from a good day at work 
i worl at my local petsmart , stocking heavy bags of food 
yeah my dog lassie and my cat oliver 
i am my dads world lol , he is a retired cop 
is your kid in your class ? that would be fun 
i love to go running , its my favorite passion . i wish i ran for a living 
something about sweating in public gets me pumped ya know ? 
yeah swimming is really fun , works everything out 
hello how are you today 
why are you taking so long to answer ? 
i like to get to know new people 
autumn is my favorite time of the year 
that is great . i like to play ultimate frisbee 
my parents do not live with me and i am sad . 
they moved to bora bora last week 
i could not leave my pet turtle timothy behind 
hi , i am joanna . how are you tonight . 
so , i am a singer by trade . what do you do ? 
really ? i went to school at usc . i have a few contacts out there . 
dad tending the farm and mom a strict teacher , anything artsy was always frowned upon ! 
where are you from ? i am proudly born and raised in south carolina ! 
do you like horror flicks ? those are my favorite ! 
chuckie is a creepy little guy . i love mikey myers and the brute force ! 
football fan ? go eagles . 5 1 baby 
hello . how are you ? i am a middle schooler 
i want to grow up to be an actor , so i take classes 
is graphic design like drawing ? what do you design ? 
my weekend was fine . i just stayed home and rocked on to pink floyd . 
i love all food . i am an animal lover except for cats . 
that is true . they are fiesty . 
plus they scratch . dog is mans best friend according to the saying 
hi i am doing great how are you 
oh ok . what do you do for a living 
i am a doctor in the labor and deliver unit . 
thanks i try to be . i love being along more than it looks like 
what do you do for fun ? i go work out 4 times a week 
i try to be i will not drink soda or even tea , just water 
it was hard to get use to at first . i use to love soda 
i have family and a handful of friends when i am off i keep to myself 
i am doing well , how about you ? 
that is cool , i am currently building a tree house in my spare time 
i do , i am divorced but have some great kids 
i used to as well but now i am 40 so it is too late for me 
yeah i really need to . i just hate sitting around and being still 
helps me stay healthy and avoid thinking about my ex wife 
i sure hope so , anything interesting going on in your life ? 
oh i see , at least you are very supportive of him i am jealous 
yes ! i do art so i love all forms of expression 
wow that is a handful 
i am scared my kids will get my webbed toes 
cleaner at research facility by day , artist by night 
more sculpture , i turn others trash into projects 
i could try , i am only five feet so cannot make anything too tall 
i have a big personality for this little body so i do not give up 
yes i like the attitude ! you have the artistic spunk personality 
hello , i am great . just came back from fishing . how are you ? 
that sounds fun , wonder if the polar bears would like it ? 
they are a main staple of my diet , i work in the arctic . 
that is horrible , i love dogs . do you fish ? 
mine taught me too , he was a geologist . 
i only study ice and explore , but i wish i would have paid attention more . 
i never did enlist , thought about it . 
that is so very true . 
hi . how are you ? i just got in from working on my car . 
haha . thanks . working on classic cars is my passion ! 
big city sounds exciting . what do you do for work ? 
i work for an apartment complex . i am in charge of handling all the issues . 
nothing too serious . do you like to cook ? 
the only thing i cannot eat is shellfish . i am allergic . 
i do not have any pets , but i do not mind dogs . 
that would be great . thank you so much ! 
i am well , loving on my little dogs an you ? 
cool , i have 2 dogs 
oh that is cool , need a lawyer ? 
not as good as me , like heights ? 
really ? lol i would never 
i am in oklahoma as a native american 
you go ahead for the both of us lol 
i love it why you ask ? 
i am good , a little sleepy how about you ? oh i am sneezing too . 
i have been going to bed early and getting up early and i feel better now 
i home school my son so i am always busy and always tired . i make myself relax 
a cat had kittens in my garage but i am allergic so i am sneezing a lot today 
the allergy meds will knock me out so i can sleep but i need to paint 
i make arts and crafts to sell around the holidays . they sell pretty good , 
that is why i like getting up early so i can have more time for my crafts . 
i still have a few more pieces to paint before i can go to bed 
hey i am good how about yourself 
i know the feeling i am to 
well i am in high school so all the basics 
o cool which type of school 
oo so you are trying to be a professor 
i mostly be at school , the little free time i spend at home 
yeah a few different artist but mainly old music 
like songs from the early 2000s you know before most songs sucked 
yes , i would like that . 
i am studying to be an investment broker . 
i like the atmosphere that it offers . what led you to nursing ? 
good a reason as any . does she work at a hospital ? 
do you also want to work with babies ? 
that is sweet of you . do you like working out ? 
that sounds like fun . where do you go ? 
trucks are fun ! what do you like to eat while you are camping ? 
hello , i am good . i was drinking my favorite drink ice tea . 
i have been listening to country music all day . 
where are you from ? i originate from canada . 
i like to dance in my spare time . 
that is a great gift to have . 
i work for a large online retail . i like it . 
sounds like a great job . i would do it . 
where do you see yourself in the future ? 
i am good , how are you ? 
i used to party a lot but i have been sober for 5 years . 
congratulations ! what is your degree in ? 
that is great . do you come from a big family ? 
i enjoy poker , but my three kids keep me pretty busy . 
that is true ! i do not though . can you ? 
i do not read much , but i like magazines about carpentry . 
that sounds interesting . my wife likes biographies . 
they call me big shirley . i love scary movies . you ? 
i see . i workout lifting weights . you ? 
i am a warehouse worker . i cook a great bbq . 
keep your head up ! i work the forklift . what work do you do ? 
that is good ! people laugh because my name is joe shirley . 
hmmm . got for it ! is six four two twenty tall and big ? 
i see . i have a cookbook coming out . you write ? 
hmmm . have him help you write a book about soccer . 
hello , i am a web designer . 
no , i do not . i like it hot . 
i am a web designer , i do coding for several country musicians . 
yes , i am . i only listen to country . 
i hate snow , i am so glad i made the move . 
where at in the south ? i am in florida . 
do you drink iced tea ? 
hello yes i love bbq 
my poor toes are so webbed 
cool i like to paint 
i dig in people trash for things to build 
true . i paint for a living 
awesome i have about thirty more years 
i am short fat and ugly . you 
lucky you to be so sexy 
i am doing well and relaxing at home with a glass of scotch . you ? 
do you teach dogs obedience ? that is good . i am afraid of them . 
there were sometimes animals around when i worked at the carnival . 
when i want to relax i watch gritty movies and drink scotch . 
when did you buy it ? do you live alone ? 
do you have dogs of your own ? or children ? 
wow , it is a good thing they must be well trained . 
advertising ? that sounds easy . i am a social worker dealing with at risk youth . 
that sounds cool . these kids drive me nuts . 
wow ! jewish people live in north dakota ! what else do you do ? 
oh cool ! i sing in a choir ! i also play softball 
it helps with the work stress . i played second base . do you like to cook ? 
ooh , i love italian food , especially lasagna . do you have a favorite ? 
odd . you need a singer in your metal band ? the church choir bores me . 
great , maybe i can scream for your hardcore band instead of at these kids . 
how are you doing this late night let us chat . 
oh i do not think i could do that was never to good in the study . 
wonderful cool but i did get my diploma from school to college . 
so so i used to travel a lot from new jersey to atlantic city . 
it was when i was going but now it probably is not so nice now . 
my best kind of hobby i like is entertaining board games and gambling . 
i like pets and i got this cat by the name of arizona . 
sirius is a nice name i hope you enjoy your trip to vegas soon . 
hello . i am well . how are you doing ? 
interesting . where are you from ? 
i want to visit italy one day . 
do you cook italian food ? 
i understand , i am from the middle east . 
no , i have never been there . i was born in pennsylvania , usa . 
i do , i want to travel the world ! i know it sounds cliche . 
do you want to travel ? 
my wife is a model , but we do pretty well . are you married ? 
we adopted because my wife was afraid of that , but i love my 2 kids ! 
i like to cook to much to worry about my figure ! do you like food ? 
hmm . . you sound like a liberal . 
i am proud to say i voted for trump . do you like him ? 
i think he is great , but most of the other teachers where i work disagree . 
you might try reading . that is one of my favorite things ! 
just me the wife kids . is it crowded with 6 people under the same roof ? 
i am well an you ? it is cold 
yes it is i get it 
i love to sing all the time but will never have a kid 
oh really ? are you single ? i model here in nyc 
really ? i thought you were an artist , 
really ? let me see your work 
send it to me online 
well you sleep well goodnight 
hi , just finished a great work out . do you like swimming ? 
i have kids too ! we go swimming together every day . 
3 kids and a great husband too . we live beside the sea . 
that is a lot ! they would not fit into my mustang convertible . 
do you like to work out ? i am trying to lose some weight . 
i work out about 2 hours a day but it is hard to fit it all in . 
i love my kids , but i love reading as well ! 
i do ! we go through a lot of food in our house . 
hello there . it is okay , one of the horses kicked me . 
it always hurts , lol . i need to retire . 
i have a horse ranch , it was my fathers . 
that sounds very nice , i need to find a hobby like that . 
ride my horses around the ranch and take photos . 
i do too . it is what keeps me young . 
i average five miles a day . 
not really , my leg hurts me a lot . i have to repair fences and such . 
me too ! how are you today ? 
great ! what is your favorite animal ? i love riding horses on my dads farm 
awe , i love turtles too . any hobbies ? 
cool . my favorite hobby is watching horror films 
no , can not say that i have . you ? 
wow ! and here i am . my mom is just a teacher in south carolina . xd 
lol , do you have two turtles ? 
i am good , just hanging out 
i like anything blue that is why i have blue hair 
awesome ! ! ! i need to try a vegan lifestyle 
i am into cosplay . i am a pretty scrawny kid 
aww thanks . i like rap too 
so are you . great personality 
thanks . i wish you the same 
sounds exhausting ! i admire your ability to do manual labor ! 
i prefer home workouts , but mostly just workin this pizza lol 
spooky movies give me the heebie jeebies and my dogs just bark at the scary times lol 
heck yeah ! the guys love when i bring barbecue to sunday football ! 
all of them ! i just love the time together and the sport you ? 
awesome . how do you stay so fit ? 
awesome . what do you do in your free time ? 
i am good . just reading a nice romance about a girl who loves a ghost 
i usually read while i am eating pizza from my moms restaurant 
eating is my life ! i could never diet 
i wish i could go to the beach . i get nervous and stutter around attractive people though 
i really hope i can 
thank you for the idea . i will talk to my mom at work tonight 
i try to calm myself by reading romance novels mostly about the paranormal 
i am good . you ? i am more of a writer . 
writing is my work , so i cant get out of it if i tried 
that is awesome ! ! i worked at a carnival once upon a time . 
no , i worked at the ferris wheel . 
agreed . they do not have dogs , which i am terrified of . 
i had a rough experience with one . a poodle . 
they are . you like scotch ? 
i like to drink it to relax 
i do not really know how to skate but i think its very cool 
i listen to music while i am doing carpentry . i just cant seem to stop moving ever 
more of a hobby . i am 40 and still do not have a set career 
i cant stay still long enough to keep a steady job . i am a restless guy 
i heard that happens sometimes . glad you got it removed 
oh i assumed you got it removed as a baby 
pretty cool that you did not have to go get a stupid tattoo or something 
i have a few awesome tattoos . but one that i regret from teen years 
oh my . i am a soldier in south korea , actually . 
well i am only 20 , so a bit younger than you ! 
i am a lieutenant . you ? 
yes , it was . how about you ? 
i am in the army . what years did you serve ? 
i have not decided yet . . . it is such a big decision . 
no , i would like to attend college though . 
i am not sure . . . it seems like a lot of paperwork . 
i am dan and its going good i just got back from hunting 
i am deer hunting . i work for a property management company 
for fun i working on fixing up old cars 
cool what kind of music ? 
cool i also work as a handyman 
its fun to work on different things yes 
saves lots of money the more you do 
it can be for sure . do you like movies ? 
i am good . just watching the office . 
i am eating a carrot , i do not eat anything sweet . 
tell me something about yourself . 
i happen to be jewish . 
good . where do you live ? i live in ny . 
i really like living here , so much to do . 
one day i would like to move to the west coast though . 
are you in a relationship ? 
hi ! no , but 2 of my 3 sisters do know how . 
i contribute to the dirtiness . i party a lot when my band is not playing a gig . 
that is sweet . my band is popular . i am the lead singer in it . 
rock . i like to be pumped up all the time . 
i have to make it big . i did not finish high school . 
i would rather make it big in music . it has always been my dream . 
maybe we can add folk music one day for you . 
that would be awesome . i am always wanting more fans . 
i am well just got in from playing with the dolphins . how are you ? 
animal . my home is under water . where do you live ? 
the sea is my home . the aquatic creatures are my friends . 
sure you could call it that . do have any hobbies ? 
how old are you ? i spend all day at school ! i would rather be playing . 
do you sell cars too 
why ? are you broke ? i like having dinner at home every day ! 
what are you going to do ? sad . our family dinners are awesome . 
i am fine thank you , how about u ? 
i am from new york , you ? 
my work is science fiction author , you ? 
my father and mother passed away last year 
i done my engineering graduate from mit 
i afraid of snakes , you 
i am unmarried , you are a married person ? 
all the best , what is your hobbies 
i am doing super good ! how are you ? 
oh that sounds so cool ! my name is melanie . i am still in high school . 
cool . does your mom like to shop ? i really enjoy going to the mall . 
i am not into movies . i would love to have my own fashion line . 
probably something like mels makes . i do not like scary movies . 
okay . . . well , scary movies just get me too frightened . 
oh cool . i am still in high school . i will be going to auburn next year . 
i am super excited to go ! 
hi . i am doing great thanks for asking . i do play poker sometimes . 
sorry to hear . i walk a lot since i hike in the nature . do you hike ? 
do you know how to draw ? i do not . i want to learn how . 
that is cool . do you like reading ? i do . mainly a lot of poetry . 
how about collections do you have one ? mine is weird stickers . 
nice ! do you like to try different foods ? i will try at least once . 
that is great , i love seafood myself . what is your favorite drink ? 
neither do i . my favorite is tea both hot and cold . 
oh that sounds rough . i am an author , so i work from home . 
what is your favorite genre ? i specialize in science fiction . 
totally agree . so what stocks should i buy ? 
i figured it was worth a shot or maybe amazon stock ? 
that must be why you are still there ? kidding . 
oh that is neat ! before my parents died a couple years back , we went to shows . 
i think i would choose the drums . i do not have metal music type hair , ha ! 
i do not like my neighbors so i think i will blast metal music tonight 
i am alright , how was your day ? 
i do not do much since the accident , off of work . what do you do for fun ? 
got in a brutal car accident but working hard to get back on my feet 
thank you , time off has allowed me to do some small work to help other 
i do , i like country music a lot . how about you ? 
used to listen to rap but not so much anymore . do you have any other hobbies ? 
i like to knit , i have been doing that a lot lately . donating to a hospital nearby . 
yeah i like to take walks when i can , you ? 
i am doing good . just enjoying eating my muffin , you ? 
i wish i had kids . just me and my dog , pedro , here 
i work with a lot of kids in the healthcare industry 
i originally wanted to have a career in film as i love it 
produce . i decided to go down the healthcare route because its hard to get into 
i am not sure yet . so , what do you like ? 
sounds like a nice life you got 
well , i am happy for you ! 
great ! just coding for apple . and drinking an iced tea 
eh ! iced tea with home grown canada syrup delicious 
red or blue ? coding is so much fun ! how old are you ? i am 22 
i freelance mostly website coding and such . 
cool ! ! any property in canada ? my family is looking to upgrade . 
what do you like to do ? 
fishing is fun ! we ice fish up here 
hi , not doing much . recovering my brother wedding was saturday 
it was too much fun ! steak sounds good 
i like board games . how about you 
i used to go camping in arizona , that is why named my cat arizona 
cats are my favorite . just graduated vet school 
i like working pets more than people 
what kind of music you like 
me too , i like classical best 
i am doing good . i finally got a moment to myself . 
what kind of projects do you mean ? 
interesting , do you have a job ? 
do you work at a vet ? 
oh , that sounds horrible . i work part time at my moms pizza restaurant . 
i bbq chicken pizza , it is so good . i recommend it . 
i have a bit of a stutter when i get over excited . 
what do you do for fun ? 
very well thank you , just left the factory . yourself ? 
same here , now i want to watch the buckeyes game ! 
i love horses . who is your favorite singer ? 
i like prince , probably because i love the color purple . 
i love the city but i am scared of the water . 
i never learned to swim . what kind of horses ? 
my cat is named lily . small world . 
do you like any sports ? 
bad , i am broke and my low income apartment has rent due tomorrow 
same here , fast food does not pay like how i thought it did at 16 
i hate all animals to be honest 
dropping out of high school was a bad idea . the landlord just called . 
lucky , he can give you slack . 
not running is what makes me cry like a baby 
i just did 15 miles . 
running is the only thing keeping my mind off how hungry i am all the time 
i am well tired an you ? 
my friend got married last week it was beautiful 
what is that ? an outside at the park so nice . like bands ? 
no it was local with rush as the band 
it was , so what about you ? 
aw that is cure i work sales 
i do online for a cable company 
really ? i am with the competition lol 
i am great , how are you ? i like to workout . 
while i am still young i am building up my muscle . 
my down fall is that i love tea . 
i do web design and what do you do ? 
yes very nice car . i am a country girl who likes a truck . 
funny thing is i am from canada 
it is ok , i wanted something different . 
way out in the country , love country life . 
doing well . i live in ohio and my job is in a factory . you ? 
i hear ya . i get dirty working in my garden . 
true . i love my cat . she has a purple litter box . 
she does . she sits with me when i watch the buckeyes on tv . 
i like simple plan as well . 
no , it is just me . been busy as of late . 
that is cool . is she a good girl . 
i cannot afford alcohol . i can barely afford to pay my other bills each month . 
i work as a kindergarten teacher . i love kids ! 
i see . did you graduate college ? i just did two years ago . 
that is awesome ! where is that ? i live in seattle . 
i have not heard of that town . i share an apartment with 2 roommates . 
i could ! i just wish i could afford it . 
i am afraid of not being able to pay my bills . 
maybe , i might have to if things do not start looking up . 
my favorite music is rap , tupac is my favorite 
i also enjoy hanging out with friends , how about you ? 
oh how nice , no not yet . 
one of my favorite songs . what kind of book covers do you design ? 
i like to play softball and volleyball . i guess that is considered a hobby . 
yes i am on my last year in college . 
what kind of shoes do you sell ? 
i am wonderful thank you . i am listening to classical music 
i am what you call a water engineer 
i admire all servicemen and women . i am currently chomping down on bacon 
what are your current goals at the moment ? i want to finish my m . s . 
i see . what is home for you ? i am a native californian 
i have an uncle from puerto rico . my family is cuban . we love music 
cuban food is my favorite outside of bacon 
i am thirty nine and wondering how to party for my birthday 
hard day on the job today . and you ? 
that is a good way to de stress . i usually just grade papers 
hard to be bias when grading multiple choice with a definitive answer 
i teach a kindergarten class in seattle 
it is difficult but it is my passion . passion has trouble paying the bills though 
you are a vet ? i think my cat is getting sick . 
oh you are a veteran ? 
are you allergic to dogs ? 
hey there ! its going alright , how about you ? how was your day ? 
spending time outside is great , i have never been much of a skater . any other hobbies ? 
i like cooking and spending time walking my dog . his name is charlie . 
oh wow , one of my brothers was bought with a tail but had it removed . 
he will eat anything but we did not eat a lot of potatoes growing up in australia mate . 
i like most foods , my favorite is italian . i am not a big fan of thai food . 
yeah especially eggplant parm , whats your favorite kind of food ? 
hi jack ! i am dave and i am doing good today . how are you doing ? 
what book did you finish reading ? 
i read sometimes not often enough . i have heard of the movie though . 
i do enjoy cooking . i like cooking italian food the most . 
no . i do work with a lot of kids at my job though . 
my work is with a program that helps troubled teens through mentoring . 
i can only imagine . are you into any hobbies other than reading ? 
i like playing sports like racquetball , but not watching so much . 
my fiance is into hard rock , i like oldies , but we make it work . 
they played in the school band . do you play any instruments ? 
i should have ! i slacked off ended up being a administrative assistant . do you have kids ? 
i am going to have a polka band play when i retire in 5 years ! 
tell me more about yourself so i can recognize you there ! 
lol . . . you are a interesting person , it has been nice to meet you ! 
whoops ! i think i said goodbye to soon ! ; 
congratulations ! i married my high school sweetheart while working in hollister . 
yes . too long . we are skateboarders who travel together to do shows . 
25 years this july . we still like going to bluegrass concerts together . 
he is retired and eats chips all day . i do not like them . 
fun . i like to play guitar to old bluegrass tunes . do you play ? 
doritos . are you an artist ? i love to cook as well . 
two boys over here . i would love to see what you make . 
i do . where are you living now ? i am in the kentucky mountains . 
i am well thank you and yourself ? 
horses i love them . i also like rabbits country music you ? 
i have turned body building into a career . 
thanks . one thing that does not involve seeing color 
i am very much so my sister likes to pick on me 
it is a running joke now tho . she is deaf on one side 
well i do not know about karma but we get a good laugh 
yeah well she can be a great friend too 
hi ! ! ! ! ! ! fall is my favorite i love pumpkin spice lattes 
i love candy and everything sweet . what do you love about fall 
where do your parents live 
new york . i jut bought a house ! 
i love to dance at the clubs . 
all of my pictures of me 
who is timothy ? is he your boyfriend 
oh that is so funny 
doing great ! i finally got rid of the box elder bugs in my front yard . yuck . 
me too ! they just make me want to scream and run . fast ! 
yes . four . they eat all of the bacon in the house , makes me sad . you ? 
too funny . i will have to learn your tricks . do you have a favorite food ? 
anything but bug green . you must have a favorite . 
you are funny . listening to bach , eating bacon , without bugs . ideal ! 
love them . romantic suspense is my favorite genre . do you like reading ? 
really , as long as they are in english , my native language . 
i am good just got back from the gym 
sounds cool what is that 
haha no worries what do you do for a living 
that is great whats your favorite so far 
yeah i like it too i have not been in a while though 
i went to italy a few years ago i would love to go back 
sometimes i eat a lot of meat and protein 
yeah i work out a lot so it helos 
hey there . how is it going ? 
have you read about pablo escobar ? i love reading biographies . 
you should ! just read a book this weekend at my brothers wedding . 
yeah . i have weddings . i do love playing board games though . 
sad . you like cats ? i have one pet called arizona . 
three . do you have a cat or dog ? 
ok . so what do you do for fun ? 
those are fun . what is your favorite ? 
oh cool , i be online a lot 
what you bought if i may ask 
what type of shoes ? heels or flats ? 
oh cool , how old are you 
i am 28 years old 
yes i have 4 little sisters 
i do some times but i only relate to one really 
i do enjoy classical music ! 
ah , i get it . i just finished making dinner . 
i made pesto chicken and a salad . 
i do ! i would like a big family . 
what kind of engineer are you ? 
i help my husband run his business . what language do other engineers speak ? 
that makes sense . engineering is a great , stable career . 
are you interested with diet supplement 
i run my business it is my own business dieting business 
well in fact it is and i m very knowledgeable about it because i write books about it 
yeah i study at experimented and go to exercise 
i m with my cats and dogs two cats 
i gave them a name based on the characteristics 
yeah pretty much like that what else do you do 
congratulations and that how s everything 
hello ! i am fine what about you ? 
who plays ? i do not watch soccer at all . 
that is good . my cousin loves to play soccer . 
i am single , my ex bf getting married . congratulations for you 
i hope so . break up is bad , specially when you love someone . 
yes i am working but still he is in my mind . 
i love volleyball . where do you live ? 
same here . god bless you . 
doing good . just got home from working at th factory . 
very cool . i grow violets in my garden . i love the color purple . 
i do . a poodle . we watch the buckeyes together every saturday . 
very cool ! where in ohio ? 
i am in florida right now . 
right on . i am in tampa right now . 
i love it here . and the weather is cooling now . 
ha ! that is outstanding . white girl attire 
hello , brianna . i am mia . do you play second life ? 
it is a larp game on the internet . 
oh , okay . i am online a lot , and a furry . 
that is a kid doc , right ? 
is it interesting ? i am not around kids , they freak me out . 
my sister has a couple , and they are horrid . thankfully , she lives in london . 
do you have any hobbies ? 
i love dean koontz , who is your favorite ? 
i am good , and how are you ? 
i thank you for serving ! 
i am just packing to move to nyc ! 
i am originally from california though ! 
how come ? i am moving to nyc for modeling ! 
also , i enjoy karaoke , but i am not very good at it ! 
i do not like crowes either . i like to stay to myself 
i do not like those , nor do i drink 
sure . are you male or female ? 
nope . a man . like a 40 yr old man so . . . . . . . 
unless you are under 18 , lol . 
what is your tattoo of ? 
is it on your lower back ? my daughter wants one , ugh ! 
that was my next guess ! my ex wife has a similar one . you been married before ? 
ahhh , great choice ! my divorce was tough but i am always on the go anyway . 
absolutely not ! she needs to be a role model for her younger siblings . 
i enjoy barbecue , and weight lifting . 
i am very tall , it is the only thing i can comfortably do . 
i have never ridden a horse , is it difficult ? 
i drive a forklift and i have to prop mine up as well . 
what else do you do for fun ? 
they do not make me do that . 
i do too , i want to travel . 
i have a long one , i need to shave soon though . 
hi i am well trying to stay up you 
why ? you gotta get out . got kids ? 
if no kids like me i have 2 with my husband go travel now 
i do too , i have not any this year 
i like to run or read an old cars 
cool , like jazz ? i love it 
lol i hear you your dad is awesome 
anytime , you have a safe well night 
i am well just studying for class 
i am working on my law degree 
about two more years how about you 
you have any brothers or sister ? 
no siblings i wish i had a brother or sister 
very nice i just focus on my studies at this point 
i am single since i am super busy with school 
thanks and i hope you make a great rn ! 
pretty good thanks and you ? 
i have lots of dreams but work at mcdonalds 
i run fast that is about it 
i am single . i dropped out of school 
i live in terrible apartment complex 
they stole them from you ? 
yeah i can understand that feeling 
it is alright i make fries 
i am okay how are you today ? 
that is good where are you from ? 
ca nice i never been hiking before i live in upstate ny 
yes ny has lots of interesting foods what is your favorite type of food ? 
oh okay lol what do you do for work ? 
i love the scenery the buildings are so tall 
that is cool what kind of weird stickers ? 
hello i am fine i cannot walk i am disabled 
its okay i like to knit hats for babies in nicu 
wow have you discovered any new favorite food i love cooking 
that sounds right up my alley being vegan and all 
wow someone who helps others like me and vegan amazing 
for me it was the thought of ending a life for greed . . you ? 
wow i too cant remember ever having meat we should be friends 
that is okay , i am recently divorces so i am lonely . 
i used to drink to get away from my wife , she caused problems . 
i am terrible at poker because i do not like to sit still . 
how long have you been a carpenter ? 
why not , it seems like a very reputable thing . 
i guess so , are you not allowed to be creative in your work ? 
that sucks . i am currently unemployed so i cannot relate . 
i am already 40 so getting a job will be difficult . 
i am not really into sports . i like robots though ! 
that is cool , where do you live ? 
i live out here in california 
i love the water , it so much fun to go swimming in the ocean 
that is kind of boring , but to each their own ! 
i was homeschooled , that is pretty boring too 
that is not boring at all ! i have blue hair 
why are you so afraid of water ? 
good evening , i swear i am exhausted 
in the crips ? like books ? my name jordan by the way also 
oh i got it now like animals ? or have any ? 
cool , i am a vet , i love live music on the weekend 
really ? i do also an i read 
that is cool i stay in florida but from cali 
a different you ? like games ? i like xbox games 
lol you good , when is the next trip ? 
i am very good thank you , tell me about yourself ? 
thanks cool , i am park ranger i hike in nature for my job 
i bet what are some of your hobbies ? 
i do too , one of my hobbies is to collect odd stickers 
same here ! my sister and i read each other our poetry 
one of my favorite passions is food ! if it looks good i will try it at least once 
both , i use to want to be a chef 
my father was a park ranger and i love the outdoors so i got right in 
hi ! no i am not . i actually just finished my education to be a registered nurse . 
no , i will actually be getting my first job as a nurse soon . i cannot wait ! 
ah , so you probably like shopping for clothes like i do ? 
even at my age , i am not married . single is my status . 
that is cool ! my hair is brown . 
well that is good . what color is her hair ? 
that is too funny ! no , i do not . 
thank you ! maybe i will try that and see if it helps ! 
hey , i am doing good . how about you ? what are you up to ? 
maybe a nice glass of wine while i finish my eggplant parmigiana for dinner . 
no , not really . are you ? if i leave some food , my dog charlie will eat it . 
i will take my dog to visit my folks in australia soon . will be interesting . 
sydney . i will go there after the stock markets slow down for winter . 
charlie is an old boxer . have had him for years . 
they are good companions . my brother and sister love charlie too . 
they are both here but nyc is too expensive for them . 
i am good . how are you ? 
that is nice . what do you teach ? 
awesome . i actually never graduated highschool 
i do not . i spend all of my time playing frisbee 
cats are cool . i have two dogs . pretty big ones as well 
ohio . where are you from ? 
there is a lot of rain here currently as well . from the hurricanes probably 
a little . i eat sardines every morning . 
thank you . good luck with kindergarten ! 
no , not anymore . i barely have time for that , with the family ! 
i have 3 children , and 2 kitties , that think they are my children as well ! 
do you like to cook ? i make homemade gourmet cat food , and people food , too ! 
i love cooking ! and , i am pretty good at it , too ! that explains the extra pounds ! 
if i was taller , i might feel better about my body . what do you do ? 
it is good to take your time to decide . what do you study ? 
i love playing music with the kiddies and the kitties ! 
that sounds good . is you family musical ? 
i am well an you ? 
i am not married 
i like to make things with wood like crafts 
i do i am also teaching my kid at home . 
it is we are in a little town so it makes it easy . 
i do it is simple an easy 
yes i only have 1 
pretty good and you tonight ? 
nice what are you doing together ? 
what did you do there ? 
just went to my classes really 
college . how old are you ? 
impressive i am a 22 year old woman 
yeah do you have lots of friends ? 
are family gatherings a handful ? 
i am good . just waiting for the good doctor to come on . 
i am making dinner while i wait 
i had to grade some papers and do homework with my kids 
my husband works nights so its hard sometimes 
cooking and reading are always my relaxers 
yeah i love all the aromas of the food while its cooking 
yes reminds me of when i first started cooking with my grandma 
i love all cute things ! babies are on the top of my list now 
right ? ! i have actually been knitting hats for babies in hospitals for last few years 
i am a few years older , whats your favorite music ? mine is country ! 
that would be awesome , i want to be a chef since i love cooking 
sounds like a plan ! it will be a vegan menu though ! 
yes i would love to hear a secret ! 
whoa , that is a big secret your holding ! when do you plan on telling them ? 
ouch , why is it painful ? 
ah , what do you do for work ? 
i do , but i prefer carpentry projects or family time 
i have one , but my family hates it . do you 
is three a lot ? do you have kids ? 
i do not have many friends to travel with . why australia 
that is more up to my wife , but maybe . 
i have never been there , but like the food 
good , i am in sales , what do you do for your work ? 
i am listening to rush , i love them 
cool beans , do you have any other hobbies then sales ? 
yeah but i do not like it 
i like to eat meat and plants , i eat both 
yeah my friend had that removed at his wedding last week when i attended 
gross , what do you do as a hobby ? i love graphic design 
orange , what is yours ? 
great ! just grading some papers and throwing some things in the crock pot . 
very cool ! my daughter wants a fish tank ! 
i am a literature teacher ! nothing like a good book ! nice ! ! 
i wish my husband was ! my daughter just loves cooking like me . 
it is fun ! i love granola . what else are you into ? 
that sounds amazing ! i am a devoted mom and wife . no me time anymore . 
i would love to take a cooking class in italy ! 
my friend goes once a year and it looks amazing ! 
super duper . i am hanging out with my new cat . 
cool , i like hanging with my mom as well . 
are they in school yet ? 
my mom was an army nurse , and got deployed once . 
do you ever think about the environment ? 
biofuels seem like the future . at the moment they are double the cost of oil . 
not necessarily , it will be 100 years before oil runs out . 
lol that is a good science fiction starter 
well if it is a very small house . do you work 
that must be fun . i am a science fiction writer . 
nope still in the writing process 
high in the mountain wilderness 
a young boy who lost his parents at a young age 
he had to learn how to survive . his parents lived there 
strange plants and animals start appearing with human intelligence . 
i am doing fine . you ? 
good to hear . i am a girl . 
let me see , i have been forgetting ! i am 30 . 
i am single . i have not dated a lot until recently . 
i am the same way . i work a lot to keep myself busy . 
that sounds cool . i typically just enjoy cleaning . 
it is definitely not for everyone . 
yeah , i dislike dishes too . i am more into tidying things up . 
i am good ! i teach kindergarten , so kids books are my thing ! 
i just have 2 roommates and a cat . no kids yet 
i teach kindergarten . barely covers the bills ? 
no problem . 7 kids must fry your brain ! lol 
purple ! i live in seattle . how about you ? 
i went to college in san diego , but moved out here 2 years ago after i graduated . 
a bit gloomy , but the coffee is great ! 
i will eventually find a job somewhere else . i want to travel ! 
doing well , just listening to some bach . yourself ? 
i thought about going out tonight , but the insects are bad , and i hate them . 
are you a doctor , i work as an engineer in the army . 
that sounds exciting . do you know any languages , i only know english . 
i would like to learn japanese . and visit there someday . anywhere you would like to go ? 
are you from cuba ? 
maybe not as exciting , but at least you see snow . 
i am from the south , florida . i miss the beach . 
hi , i do not like sardines at any time of the day ! 
no but i have two siblings , both brothers . do you have any ? 
i do not have much time for frisbee , what do you do for a job ? 
i am a managerial consultant originally from wisconsin , where did you grow up ? 
so you like the hot weather ? i prefer cold and snow 
i hope you recover quickly , it was nice to meet you ! 
goodbye and good luck with your surgery 
i am doing great . just hanging out with my teddy bear collection 
i have a very big collection ! since i am a nurse , people give them to me 
i started as a red cross volunteer but i prefer the color green personally 
yea because it lets me visit zoos , which i love 
that can be tough . finding a job to support your rent is hard 
i take the kids from the hospital to the zoo weekly 
which system are you referring to ? 
oh yes , i agree . that is why i love my teddy bears , they bring me comfort 
i am working on my latest quilt , do you have hobbies ? 
wow that is a cool bet . do they have names ? 
lol that is hilarious . it is a patriotic quilt as a present for my dad 
yes , he is a war vet . i am making it for veterans day 
that is something to be proud of . we should all be proud of our military 
well best of luck to him . i know he must appreciate your support 
army . he is from scotland and serving in the army meant a lot to him 
thank you . good luck to your son 
doing good just watching some soccer i use to play 
i have not been swimming since i graduated last year from college 
mine is orange i eat alot of orange candy 
did you enjoy it ? what do you do for fun ? 
yeah ? have a outfit to polka in ? 
have someone to go polka with ? 
very cool how long have you been dating ? i am looking for love in the office 
good point i know my boss wants me , i am a secretary 
i am fantastic ! how are you ? 
so what do you do for a living ? 
i am a kindergarten teacher . i really love kids . 
two in the same grade ! that must be a handful ! 
i am 26 . i only have one kiddo so far . i can not imagine twins . 
so what do you do for fun ? 
i love to swim as well . i live right by the ocean . 
i do , i really love to drive my mustang convertible to an italian restaurant . 
oh , i like fitness too , but i am a big person . but it does not stop me . 
being married is wonderful . do you have children ? i adore mine . 
that is an important job . my job is a kindergarten teacher , so i can relate . 
i agree . in order to balance life , i live by the sea and swim daily . 
i would highly recommend it . 
no pets , just family . you ? 
i am fine . just watching some sports . 
i actually enjoy the steelers , do you ? 
that is great . are you married ? 
i am engaged for a wedding in december . 
i am excited ! especially since we both are now college graduates ! 
history was my major . i worked in a museum . 
that sounds fun though ! i like to play many sports . 
i am sorry that you are worried about missing nyc . 
i am great , how are you ? 
i am in publishing , heading to nyc next year for my job 
i do , i keep them short though because i skate 
no , but i still enjoy it as a hobby . what do you do ? 
i have never ridden a horse , it sounds fun 
carrots are great . do you work ? 
i do . i enjoy it . 
i try to eat healthy , do you stay on one ? 
hi . my day is good . i am hanging out with both of my sons . 
i love those crafts ! right now i am into my aquarium filled with exotic fish . 
you might like my collection of decorations . they are 50s vintage ! 
that is awesome . what do you eat for breakfast ? mine is granola every day . 
that is very healthy . i like it . do you eat fish ? 
so do i . i just do not eat it in front of my aquarium . 
i have to be , because it grosses me out to eat them while i watch some swim . lol 
i like the beatles how about you ? 
oh i see , well i prefer reading plays mostly in my free time 
just as a hobby though , i own my own successful dieting business full time 
oh yeah i love exercising for long hours . finding motivation is most important 
eating is also important , i like writing diet cookbooks 
i love walking my dog and two cats as well 
so do i and they give me a reason to get out 
i totally agree pets are the best 
i am good . what are you doing today ? 
wow ! i just got back from walking a mile . i tried to do that everyday 
yes . other than playing guitar , what other hobbies do you have ? 
after retiring from banking , i make quilts for my family . do you have any pets ? 
i own a siamese cat named stormy . what kind of dog do you want ? 
lol ! that would be a lot of cleaning up to do . 
what do you do for a living ? 
i see . what kind of job are you looking for ? 
i am doing great ! i am just currently exploring with my sea creature friends ! 
i like rush as well , i have to see them whenever i can above the sea . 
well starfish , jellyfish , squids , fish , they are all my friends ! 
that sounds awesome , i have a tail as feet , so i can not work . 
no , i am not , i do have long wavy hair though ! 
i wish i could let you see me , i have to eat dinner with my family though . 
i eat whatever my family makes me , i get to go play with friends after though ! 
i just like to swim around and play , anything special about you ? 
what is that ? like to shop i do which is why i am here lol 
i am almost a nurse lol that is sadly single 
cool , do you like it there ? 
i want to visit there so bad 
how old are the bros ? 
cool i am in my late 
yes my birthday is next month 
cool , how old did you turn ? 
hello ! very well , and yourself ? 
sounds exciting ! i work as a hair stylist . 
watch football on sundays . i love it ! 
oh yeah ? it is cold there . i love the cold . christmas is my favorite holiday . 
for sure ! what is your favorite food ? mine is cheese pizza . 
ah . have any pets ? i have 3 . my dogs are my babies . 
i bet your singing is not that bad ! 
i am sorry to hear that . everything happens for a reason though ! 
i just graduated school . i am gonna get married soon 
when i was in hs i played basketball but now i rather watch it on tv 
i absolutely love soccer i wish i still played 
i wish my childhood was as exciting 
yes its a habit i played soccer in hs so i still stick to that regiment 
cool i can show you the ropes 
now that looks cool i would love to 
i love cooking with fresh vegetables 
backpacking through europe . love it ! i am in italy now . 
this is the sixth country i have been to . love walking around everywhere . 
well , i have a garden at home . that is very therapeutic . and you ? 
mostly vegetables and herbs . i like nirvana . sad what happened to kurt . 
i am a writer . since i travel so much , it is the best job for me . 
so you see dogs all day ? fun . i have a pug . so cute . 
have any pets at home ? 
great , i am also a student for 2 more years 
oh , i do not have siblings so i am not sure what that is like 
are you in a hospital treating folks 
who is marty relation to you 
oh i see , well have a great evening 
take care and tell marty where is mc fly 
what a classic film that is 
my name is sam short for sammie 
oh you have a boss , i can not work due to disability 
that must make work fun 
well at least you have a job , i wish i could get out of bed 
no i have not , it is hard to even breath 
i lay here and look at the paint peal 
i eat only plants , i use to like cooking as well 
hi . i am so tired from work . how are you ? 
are you a teacher ? my youngest is in kindergarten . 
that is nice . i would go back to school but my husband works nights . 
it is hard to pay bills here too . we work different shifts to avoid daycare bills . 
i have a cat , too ! i just love them . 
lately i have been exercising . my weight has become a problem this past year . 
what do you do in your spare time ? 
i used to hike a lot before having my three children . no time anymore . 
yeah a little i just had a manicure . i like gardens 
oh my , what is your name ? 
i like those animal , but i love horses 
oh can you swim or are you afraid of it ? 
i do like it , but i am dieting now so i am not strong enough 
my diet is extreme , i want to be healthy though eventually 
what is your favorite one ? 
yup my diet is only cucumbers and carrots right now 
hi , i am doing well , you ? just have a bum leg . 
that sounds cool . do you have pets ? i own horses 
i have a leg injury and i am in pain every day 
seems like you really loved college . i am about to retire 
no , unless horseback riding is a sport to you 
yes , unfortunately i fell from my horse . 
yes , did you get injuries playing soccer ? 
sure , anytime . i have enjoyed our talk . 
i am pretty good ! glad work is over . how are you ? 
my company rents out properties . what do you do ? 
that is a great degree to have nowadays . 
are you glad you went for it , or would have rather pursued something else ? 
i am glad . do you have any hobbies ? 
that sounds like a cool hobby . i enjoy restoring classic cars 
so you understand the appeal 
it is awesome ! been doing it for awhile 
i am good . what is your occupation ? 
oh . i always wanted to do fashion , but i had a rough life growing up . 
cool . stay focus . my parents were never around . i started stealing and got arrested . 
yeah . when i was in high school , my best friend stole my boyfriend . rough ! 
yes , i was born and raise in northern california . you ? 
my dream is to have kids one day , but i need to get it together . 
go back to school for fashion designing . that is my true passion . 
hi , you like purple ? i love it . tracy here and i love pizza . you ? 
good for you ! i am a rn . catholic and love one tree hill . 
great ! i see many things at the hospital i work . real estate business good ? 
hmmm . my uniform is purple . i like chicken sausage pizza . you ? 
lucky me . we cook duck where i live . you ever tasted duck ? 
have you tried it with plum sauce ? you have two boys or two girls . 
precious ! you ever see one tree hill ? its great ! 
are you allergic ? dogs give me bad allergies . 
my mother use to have an english accent she left when i was 5 
i am in the army . i joined right after high school . 
i like to go to the karaoke bars 
i like to draw and create art 
it really relaxes me and i love to see it come to life ! 
i see blue but it is really green . 
you can align your chakras meditating on a specific color 
hello , yes i am here 
just my usual routine , working , coming home . what about you ? 
i actually help out at my animal shelter today so that is a bonus 
do you like listening to music in your free time ? 
that is not a good thing , i would say 
simple plan band is what energize me 
you are missing out on some great music 
they have a very special music taste , but i do enjoy them 
no but i am eating eggplant parmigiana ! 
i love it the best ! even my dog charlie loves it ! 
cool do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have both . 
do you live with your parents as well ? 
i am in the stocks myself . 
no i wish , got to keep my head clear for trades . 
do you have any hobbies ? 
no i am a all work and no play type . 
not too much . i just got done working out at the gym . 
that is fun ! whose wedding did you go to ? 
not much . i work at a hospital so i do not have much time . 
what did you graduate for ? 
oh nice ! my mother works as a secretary . and , no . 
i do not have plans yet . what about you ? 
the game risk is my personal favorite 
wonderful . just finished work . how are you ? 
right now i am modeling . it is why i moved to this city . what do you do ? 
that is why i do not ever want kids . where are you from ? 
new york . a great place to be single ! married yourself ? 
came here to be a singer . why did you leave ? 
it is fun . but modeling pays more ! you have hobbies ? 
just the singing right now . taekwondo sounds fun ! 
it sounds like you need focus for that 
hehe , i am actually a miss . it is going well , what about yourself ? 
what are their names ? i do not have any pets , my two boys are enough ! 
oh you are . luckily my job is mostly paperwork . . . what do you do for a living ? 
maybe you could do my hair sometime ! 
that is okay , i spend my weekends hiking , usually . 
i would love some ! but make it two . . . for each boy ! 
i may only be an accountant but . . . pretty sure dogs should not eat pizza 
since when am i a dog ? that is quite rude ! 
i am fine . i am on a break at work . 
i sell hamburgers and fries . 
i am full time . i am thinking about finishing school . 
i thought it would help me get a better job . 
i am thinking about being a nurse . my aunt works in a hospital , and likes it . 
what do you do now ? 
that is cool . engineer degrees are nice to have , since you could still do that . 
okay i suppose . just got in from work at a fast food joint 
bet that is a nice income 
i am not an animal fan myself . low income apartments do not allow them anyway 
i live in the us . you ? 
oh wow that is cool . you like to run ? that is what keeps me sane 
depends . being an avid runner , i would say you should make some time for it ; 
i can see why . heights can be a little terrifying sometimes 
some times the view is glorious though ! 
hey there ! i am freaking out about nature and the environment ! 
nice ! i also make my own clothes , it helps as well . 
well i did just adopt a cat from the street . . . i could eat it for my diet 
i do not have a problem with eating animals 
no , but i do sing folk songs . i could sing one about dieting for you ? 
yes ! my mom was an army nurse so i read a lot of military history 
ooh what kind ? any specific genre ? 
does it feel more realistic ? i find plays to be tacky sometimes 
i am so tired ! i have to work a double ! 
i want to just stay home and write . 
i like to role play and play fantasy games . have you been to com icon ? 
have you ever heard of the lord of the rings ? 
it is a huge festival that last for days 
they dress up like superheroes and the lord of the rings character is there too 
i love to draw . how about you ? 
i am great . i am watching lord of the rings . 
awesome . i like movies , especially fantasy . 
i have a goat named galadriel . 
i love animals but have no others . 
fantasy movie scores are great . 
those are also very good usually . 
not a fan of star wars . 
i absolutely love star trek . much better than wars . 
hey ! bored waiting to go to my boring job . how are you ? 
you like that movie ? that sounds way better than going to mcdonalds for 8 hours . 
yeah doing what ? hard to live on your on with no support from parents . 
i bet that keeps you busy . i am trying to find a new job but its tough . 
would be easier if i had more support from family . 
my aunt and uncle but my parents do not want anything to do with me . 
yeah it is tough they disowned me at age 12 and now i am 20 
so do you have any hobbies ? 
hi there . i do not any children but i do have a dog named charlie . 
neat ! where are you from ? i am from australia . my parents still live there . 
you should ! i moved to the states to become a stock broker but i miss it . 
one of my sisters is in fashion . i have a brother too but he is a doctor . 
are you close to your siblings ? 
my sister and i go out for italian food all the time . i love eggplant parmigiana . 
ha ha ! i love tacos , too . i love mexican food as much as italian . 
hold the cilantro ! it tastes like soap . but i do like fish tacos too . 
how are you doing tonight , i am missing my tail it was removed 
oh no do you like hollister i worked there back in high school ? 
yeah very cool , i quit to become a skater , i get paid to skate 
not to me but other people say yes , what kind of actor ? 
i would watch that show i am open to everything 
hopefully you have a loving family to help , what do you do for fun ? 
oh i do not like those at all i avoid chips 
yes it is , i do not care for the calories and the crunch 
that is awesome ! i am retiring in five years . 
i have them , my favorite is of a barbecue pit . 
i play racquetball , maybe i should get one of that . 
i have an oldies jukebox on my back ! 
that it does . i am an admin assistant . 
no they are all in places that can be covered up . 
they should not be , but i can understand that . 
i am a middle schooler who absolutely loves pink floyd ! 
that is sick ! i want to act when i am an adult 
sick as in cool ! i am too shy to start now . i just came out as trans 
good luck to you too ! do you like animals ? 
i am not a fan of cats but i love dogs . 
i do sing , just not well ! lol 
i have a boyfriend . but i am not very good at dancing . 
doing well . just got my 2 kids into bed . they are in kindergarten . 
we did too but working in real estate for 12 years sucked up a lot of time . 
right on . i went to u . miss . where did you go ? 
lol . i have been saving my pennies for a touch screen . 
cool . i am 34 . how old are you ? 
oh , you are not that old . 
in my spare time environmentalism is my passion . 
oh wow . i love home cooked meals . 
i am doing great . just having a few slices of bacon for breakfast . you ? 
i did a lot of those when i was in school learning to be an engineer 
that is a good subject to get into . do you speak any other languages ? 
that is the only language i speak as well . 
i am on the same page . what music do you ike ? 
i really love classical music . i really love bach . 
i like to think i am . my job demands it of me 
no , i can barely pay my monthly bills . 
i teach kindergarten , but i hate children . 
where do you get the tattoos ? 
i live in seattle with two derelicts . they drink all the time . 
do you have a southern accent ? 
because my lousy kindergarten salary limits where i can live . 
i want to be a brain surgeon . i would operate on myself first ! 
yes , i majored in beer and chasing women . 
hi ! i am doing well how are you ? 
congratulations ! have you had to take time off work ? 
that is great that you have a job that you can do that ! 
i love civil war movies . my hobby is collecting civil war antiques . 
that is a great movie . that was my 2nd husbands favorite 
that would be super cool . my 3rd husband loved cars . 
yes for the 4th time . my first three husbands passed away . 
i has been sad being a widow . i try to use work as a distraction . 
good , just gardening in my large garden ! 
meat rabbits ? do you like traveling ? i love it 
yes , definitely . i have been to 6 countries actually . 
that sounds so harsh , but i like meat as well . i guess i get it 
do you live out in the country ? 
i would love to meet him , i am a big fan of strippers . 
bless her soul . i am a biology professor 
where is it on your body ? 
nice to meet you too ! what is your name ? 
full time veterinarian . what will you be majoring in ? 
a very honorable profession . what do you do for fun ? 
i love beetles ! is it a convertible ? 
i am looking forward to a day of xbox tomorrow on my day off . 
do you like to read ? 
oh ? i actually play in a band on the weekends . 
shredding the electric guitar ! you ? 
good evening how are you tonight ? 
i do not like bugs either but bacon is good . 
muffins are my favorite food . 
i am just watching a movie and eating muffins . 
i am in the healthcare field so i am just chilling tonight . 
my dad died of cancer so i wanted to help others . 
thank you , it changes a persons life . 
i am a nurse in the cancer center in my local town . 
hey there how are you today ? 
i am just getting to it an i just got my nails finished 
really ? what is your fav animal ? mine are horses 
lol or so ? i love the ocean an beach 
really ? wow , need a new ride ? 
gotcha my dad has awesome cars there 
no i really do not but night 
no i was telling you good night 
i do lol do you like to be cared for ? 
like animals ? i have several of them 
i understand that i have 1 cat 2 dogs 
i get that i do , like bikes ? 
yes i am do you ride ? i do 
what are those i am lost 
yes i have you must love it 
that is pretty neat then never would of guessed 
i am good how about you 
oh how exciting that is . still looking for mister right 
yeah would help if i stay out of the clubs will not find him there 
would you say obedience school for dogs is one ? 
that is a good one kinda play that with my dogs i teach 
it can be fun . just not when my sweet tooth kicks in lol 
right now mostly movies and clubbing . still young so wanna get it out of my system now 
i am a modest girl so mostly just go for the company 
i am good busy with 2 part time jobs 
yeah i wanna write book someday 
i wanna write fantasy but for now i will just was lord of the rings 
i tend too where i get ideas from 
what are some of yours 
i bet that can be interesting 
what kind of music you like ? 
that is my era as well 
yes i am i am even a volunteer with red cross 
i love zoos visit them every chance i get 
zoos are always green and that is my favorite color 
i have a teddy bear collection i hope to turn in to some green 
that sounds cool i would like that for my collection 
that is the way to do it 
me too that is the best way to be 
i study but my hobby is modeling cars . you ? 
that sounds interesting . i just became a father . do you have a family ? 
football is awesome . what is your favorite team 
i love patriots . i have a dog too , her name is ginger . 
that is nice of you . do you like movies ? my favorite is titanic . 
i learned to love that movie since that is all we had to watch at school . 
i studied abroad so it is the only movie i had in my room . 
i studied at the athenian school in california near the coast , you ? 
hey there ! i am well . how are you ? 
i am in my twenties . not going to say exactly . what do you do for fun ? 
cosplay ? i have never been into that . unless you count dressing as santa claus ! i love christmas ! 
i went through a blue phase . hair stylists do that . 
new york ! a big slice of cheese pizza is the best ! 
do you have dogs to keep you company at home ? i have three 
hah ! that is wild . what is his name ? 
judy . what do you like about sundays ? football watching is what i like ! 
what is your favorite food ? cheese pizza is mine . 
do you have any pets ? i have three . all dogs . i love them ! 
wow expensive . i have a yorkie , maltese and a mix breed . 
christmas , joy and jingle . i love christmas ! my favorite holiday . how about you ? 
how do you feel about halloween ? i like it as well . it is fun ! 
it can be ! especially the movies that come out . i love some though . 
i like those too . i do not like gore and nasty . just innocent ones . 
nice , is that what you always do after dinner ? 
i spend all most all day in a school with my sea creature friends . 
kind of . i have a tail as feet and wavy hair . are you ? 
you do not live in the sea like me ? where do you live ? 
what do you do there ? i explore with my friends after dinner 
that sounds nice , do you eat dinner as a family ? 
what do you teach your kid in home school ? does he like school ? 
he could study fish like me and my friends in the sea 
good evening lucy , i am rayne . i hope you are doing well . 
i am a wedding planner , i just graduated from college . 
that is great ! i was just watching some tv , sports , i love them . 
lol , i have been playing sports all through elementary and high school . 
i have to say i favor soccer . what do you enjoy doing ? 
sounds great . yes it can be . do you have any pets ? i have frogs . 
what kinds of cats do you have ? i have three ragdoll cats . 
yes frogs are unique . i raised them from tadpoles . 
doing great watching a little sports on tv 
i enjoy watching soccer a lot . i played some sports in high school . 
what do you like to do in your spare moments ? 
i am getting married soon , hope she starts to enjoy sports like i do 
where did the jews come from ? 
can anyone be jewish or is it exclusive to a certain group ? 
that is not true , have you played any sports ? 
lol , pizza frisbee sounds like fun . 
just finished a poker night with my friends , you ? 
that sounds nice . when i finish college i hope to start a family 
do you like that ? i am in the teaching program 
do you like music ? i love ed sheeran 
well that is no reason not to take care of your body 
i take jujitsu classes for fitness 
i am very new , but i am learning . i also run 
i try . it helps burn off the poker night pizza calories 
i am good , how are you ? 
yes i work from home , do you work ? 
that is cool , i like playing video games a lot do you play ? 
that is cool , i like them but they can be weird . any hobbies ? 
oh that is cool . do you work fulltime ? 
oh that is pretty sweet , i watch a lot of sports do you ? 
yeah , my mom works a lot and i always thought i should balance more 
wow , my mom is a doctor and she is told about that happening . 
hi , my dad box and teaches boxing ? you do anything ? 
i see but can you sing and dance ? 
great ! you ever left your state . i have not . 
really ? i do rollercoasters at amusement parks . you ? 
wow ! i am a japanese boxing champion . you box ? 
hmmm . what does your dad do ? 
i see . does your dad like riding rollercoasters too ? 
okay . does your dad or mom sing ? 
i am good . just sitting here with my sister and mom and dad . the 4 of us . 
i love music so i am studying that in school . i hope to be a music teacher . 
i love country music the best . i am a petite little thing only five feet tall . 
oh i could go for some angel hair alfredo . 
i love sauce . the more the better . come cook for me ! 
i will starve to death by then ! 
fresh is better . microwaves are for losers . and now you have me hungry . 
great minds think alike is what i always say . 
hello , how are you tonight ? i am in a band , actually 
what do you do for a living ? 
that sounds interesting , do you not get sick ? 
you are a vegan and eat sushi ? how does that work ? 
those usually have cream cheese in them , so they are not vegan . 
i have never heard of vegan sushi . 
that is okay , i do not care one way or another 
do you like to travel ? 
i love to listen to bach and compose songs in english . you ? 
very nice ! i love bacon but i am so afraid it will draw in insects . 
no feet , i am sorry ! i am tall english speaking adult ! 
that is fun ! do you work in the sea too ? 
yes , as an engineer . do you have pets ? 
i want one , but i think their food will bring in insects . 
i am terrified of them ! ! 
the two bs , bacon and bach . are you a mermaid ? 
its going well . just got done with a singing gig . you ? 
so sorry to hear that . reminds me of a horror movie i just watched 
wow where did that happen ? things never happen like that in south carolina 
are you in trouble ? 
what caused this ? i seen a sick bar fight before i graduated college 
haha . youre funny . are you in the army ? 
army beats that . i am a wedding singer 
no , that guy is way cooler than me . i just started out a year ago 
you can bring ralph over . i am a dog stylist . eccentric is what i am . 
no , i do like to collect civil war antiques . i put alot of time into that . 
are you single ? i can fake a british accent if it makes me more attractive . 
as long as you do not bring any mangoes . i am seriously allergic . 
not sure what you tried to say there . have you been married ? 
i was married 4 times , and lost three of them in accidents . 
you are never to young to be in love , my dear . 
no , why would i be ? it was their time . 
omg ! i love one tree hill 
what is your favorite color ? mine is purple . 
i do see things differently ! what do you do for work ? 
i help people everyday in a hospital . 
i volunteer at the animal shelter what about you ? 
i love superheroes ! ! are you going to dress up for halloween ? 
yes ! i actually have come across a lot worse . they are having a party at the church . 
i am good just getting back from work 
that is nice i teach kindergarten 
just two years its rewarding but the pay is low 
yeah that is definitely a bonus 
i like to hang out with friends 
we like to do different things do you have pets 
that is cute i have a cat 
hey i am good how about you 
i never heard of them actually 
i might do that do you have any animals ? 
oh that is understandable i do not know what i would do if i did not have my dog ginger 
i know how you feel , i build model cars 
i just got married recently , my wife had our daughter a few months ago 
thank you and its the most amazing feeling in the world 
lol you will have the opportunity to one day 
good morning to you ! no , i ice skate to college . 
fun ! we must live in totally different climates . i have been out fishing all day . 
i mostly use the animals for food . polar bears taste really good and are fun to hunt . 
a big white bear that eats meat . wow penguins ! we have those around here . 
if you ever have a question about rocks , i am your person . i used to teach . 
i will learn about that one day . i am more interested in ice currently . 
frozen water . i love exploring the arctic , ice as far as you can see . 
i am good . yikes i hate spiders too 
nope and no kids either . i love my horses like kids 
sorry to hear that ! must be hard 
i am hoping retire soon maybe i can write then 
construction , my left leg hurts every day 
just from all years pouring concrete . what kind engineer 
cool ! once i retire finally going shave my beard 
yes to mid chest right now 
hi john . jessie here . i am from canada . where are you from ? 
just recently to my high school sweetheart . we are both 19 . 
oh , i love to sing in the shower country mostly . what music do you like ? 
oh , my husband alex likes jazz . 
no , not really . i only dance if i drink . mostly , i stick to iced tea , though . 
what kinds of things do you like to build ? 
not yet . we are waiting for the right time . how many kids do you have ? 
do you ever see them ? that sounds so sad . 
good evening here . lol . good how are you 
sorry that must suck . i recently got a new cat that cheers me up 
they sure are . what do you do for fun 
music is key to life . remember that . 
thanks . i worry about the environment sometimes too 
i think about that too . bums me out 
do you enjoy what you do ? 
oh that probably is good money huh ? 
that sounds interesting ! do you also like working out ? 
me too . i am kind of busy with work , so i only go once a week 
i usually enjoy reading and just spending time with friends 
not really , we usually go shopping on the weekends 
that sounds great too me ! because of work i am always so tired 
yes , i do in my free time 
i enjoy scientific books like stiff by mary roach 
the king of horror , i am not brave enough for his book 
i am wonderful . i just finished my book . how are you ? 
yes , i write sci fi . do you enjoy reading ? 
that is nice . what do you do for work ? 
wonderful . my parents both had wonderful aides before they passed . 
where did you go to school ? 
mit . i studied engineering but ended up pursuing writing instead . 
thank you . where did you grow up ? 
hello , i am sewing some quilts for my nieces . 
that is amazing , what fo you do . i retired from banking . 
oh i love animals ! i have a cat he is siamese . 
yes , do you have any hobbies . i like to walk everyday at least a mile . 
i do like music . much easier to go to concerts now that i am retired . 
you dislike people that much . do you have children ? 
yes , but they are all grown now . 
you seem to like her , you have talked about her a lot . 
i am good . i prefer artistic endeavors to scholarly ones . you ? 
i earn a paycheck at a research facility cleaning cages . what would you study ? 
i understand . luckily i decided to create my art from trash so it is free ! 
cool ! what do you like to do in your free time ? 
that sounds fun . i spend my free time on art . 
fortunately i am long on personality because i am short on height ! 
thanks for the chat it was fun ! 
sounds like a good idea . i am good . do you work 
that is a noble career . i haul load over the country . 
wow that is a busy beaver . i have 7 myself 
i am just a little rough around the edges for that . lol 
that sounds like fun . i was born for hard work 
a few dogs . tho i am not able to walk them like i should 
what type of music do you like ? 
i do enjoy some good gospel and country music 
i am doing well . my name is rachel . yourself ? 
i am still attending at cypress . i binge eat a lot because of this . 
oh damn . tha a t is awesome ! i wish i could do that for a living . 
california ! in my spare time all i get to do is read novels of the supernatural . 
n o o way ! my siblings love to watch horror as well . 
my six older sisters love to watch horror and eat a pizza . 
my youngest brother enjoys more of my genre the paranormal as well . 
yeah ? you are not missing out . seven siblings is a hassle . 
its a great night here in the mountains , you ? 
i do not mind chilly . i do not like snow though 
the snow makes it hard to walk the dogs , do you have pets ? 
that is always hard . i love pets . besides my 2 dogs there are 3 cats 
that sounds great . my parents both taught science 
my parents would love you . i think i might try for a teaching degree 
i bet that is not true . who would not want their child to be scientist 
well they will come around . and if they do not you have to be happy 
i am great ! how are you doing on this fine evening ? 
cool . i only eat kosher meat so i have to make my own pizzas . 
i work in advertising . how about you ? 
awww , how fulfilling ! so are you enjoying your pizza all alone or with friends ? 
just the significant other , or do you have kids of your own ? 
awesome , so just spouse time tonight ? i know nursing hours can be hard on quality time . 
ha ! i know those feels . how long have you been married ? 
no time for such yet . my job keeps me on the go . 
i just finished bacon and pancakes . 
that is true . i am studying to become a fashion designer . 
i lifted weights in prison . i did some time for stealing . 
my parents do not care about me . they are hardly ever around . 
i would love to be a mom but i am trying to turn my life around . 
thank you . do you have any children ? 
being a doctor is very important . are you a specialist ? 
you must see a lot of different people and ailments . 
doing well thanks . just got home from the synagogue . 
it is a jewish church . it is in manhattan . 
i love my jewish heritage . 
no yiddish is too difficult . 
the only language i speak is english 
do you like the office ? it is my favorite show . 
you should look it up because it is great . 
i think its on fox . or netflix . 
i love my job as a kindergarten teacher . what do you do ? 
do you have children ? i love my kids . 
that is great that you play soccer . i am into fitness . 
i would love that work . do you swim ? 
yes . i swim every day . in the sea . 
it is beautiful . great for long walks with hubby and kids . 
i agree . i love nature . 
wonderful . you will like married life . i do . 
that is cool ! what do you do there ? i just got home from dance 
woah ! that is cool . i am cleaning up after my dog ralph . 
i believe that . i am nervous about school with all the race stuff going on . 
my mom and dad are not here anymore , and being mixed i have questions . 
yeah and why people are so mean . i live with my sis , but she ignores it . 
what do you paint ? and it is not the same . 
i bet they are beautiful . 
i enjoy spending time with my 3 girls not my ex though 
i grew up in the last was . not sure what that means but it is true 
brr ! what do your parents do ? my dad was a firefighter and mom was a teacher 
wow ! i am not much into teaching . too torn up over my divorce . 
thank you ! are you married ? 
kids are the best . i enjoy my 3 girls so much ! 
i miss them when they are with their other parent though 
i have a dog . it is perfect for my single life 
jerry . i used to live in arizona . now i am living in new york . 
yes , i love to sing on my modeling jobs . 
what is your dream job ? mine is becoming an actress . 
that is a good job . i know someone who is a millionaire because of it ! 
i could not do it . i will just act as a realtor when i get famous ! 
famous enough so i can have a chef to make me food all day 
beautiful . my name is jordan and i am enjoying the florida sunshine 
i have a cat . he likes to watch me play video games . 
yes . i am getting ready to read a book , love a good drama 
interesting . i am a vet , but i enjoy my musician job on the weekends 
neat , i love a good detective show 
that is funny . i used to live in california 
it is lovely here . the sunsets are beautiful 
i am great . just cuddling with my two cats . . and you ? 
that sucks . i am writing a romance novel . what are your hobbies ? 
i reside on an island far away and it has made me an introvert . 
no , i just want to focus on being a writer right now . are you ? 
romance novels . do you have any children ? 
haha . you are funny . i just have my two cats . 
i am female . i need to learn how to fake the accent , i am lonely . 
hey how is it going ? 
you do not like to move around 
i like that too you drink ? 
i have scotch to chill out at night 
got any fears there buddy ? 
is he dying i am sorry 
ooh i see . mine is dogs i am a wss 
i am a wuss , i am afraid of them so much . 
i am pretty good just got home 
no i work at a groomers tho they are like my pets . 
not really more into civil war things . too many wives in the past 
that is very nice . what kind of diets ? 
do you eat anything special for it ? 
what are you principles you stick too ? 
not to big on it these days . pretty much just watch what i am eating really 
yep and i am no spring chicken anymore . tho i am in good health 
i am great ! i just got done with a big biology test . how are you ? 
i am 20 years old and studying in college . and you ? 
i am studying marine biology . i love marine life and the ocean . 
agreed ! i am allergic to cats . what do you want to study in college ? 
true . you must have lots of insight into both male and female . 
i love music . pink floyd is pretty great , especially while watching the wizard of oz . 
trans boy , theater , pink floyd , wizard of oz . of course ! 
i am well . just finishing up making some barbecue . i love it . 
watching horror movies are one of my favorites and i like to lift weights on weekends 
every weekend i lift weight and watch a horror movie or two . need to go shopping . 
clothes . i am a tall guy and kind of big so shopping is not my favorite 
may i ask what you are studying ? 
that is awesome . my son thought about studying law . 
yes , one son and three daughters . i have a busy household . 
i am doing just fine . how are you today ? 
i am not particularly religious . why do you ask ? 
i do not watch much tv , but i do enjoy archer . 
i enjoy blues more because i am from chicago . what do you like about jazz ? 
i love new york . i will be coming there in a few weeks for the marathon . 
i do . i really just run so i can eat what ever i like . 
what do you do for work ? 
i work as an administrative assistant . 
sure ! but do not paint me with a cat , i hate cats . 
i do not like taylor swift , my dad is always listening to her music and i do not get along with my dad . 
how about paint a picture of me eating onion rings ? i love onions . . . lol 
my dad is single . he is a doctor and i am his nurse in his practice . 
he might . which store do you work at ? 
he loves to eat . he will need that discount . 
hilarious ! my mom could not keep up with the large grocery bill so she left . 
he has a lot of money because he is a dr . he will save you 
hello , i am doing great , how are you this evening ? 
photography , i do not drive in nyc , so i take photos whenever i walk . 
it is . i used to live in ohio . are you jewish ? 
nothing wrong with that , i was only going to ask if you knew of a deli . 
i do at times , i mainly wanted pickles . the office is almost on . 
they are an excellent snack with my show . 
have you had the maple bourbon ones ? 
i have , they were great . 
hello , what have you been doing ? 
how exciting , i just got home from walking my dog 
i like them , but i only have a dog , because my sister is allergic to cats . 
i have been practicing my dance 
no , mostly hip hop , it is my passion 
drake , jay z and my favorite beyonce 
funny , where will you be skiing this season ? 
of course ! do you like watching movies ? 
that is cool . are you married ? 
wow , sounds like you are a black widower . . . 
yes , i have a mini aussie shepherd . you ? 
are you a pet groomer ? 
do you style the dogs of celebrities or something ? 
i see . do you have a favorite food ? 
i am ok , a little tired from school . how are you ? 
cutting their hair used to be a kind of hobby . do you have any hobbies ? 
well i have exotic fish ! sort of similiar . u have other hobbies ? 
collect 50s decorations . what did you have for breakfast today ? 
i eat granola every day ! do you have kids ? 
i have two boys . any other family ? 
i am 33 years old . how about you ? 
i am ok . long day of warehouse and forklift work . you ? 
i bet . kicking back and watching horror movies now . haha 
right on . what else do you like ? i love grilling barbecue . 
that is sounds really good right now . i eat a lot of protein cause i do weekend lifts . 
i run awkward , i am a super tall and pretty big fella . 
haha . i get asked to get stuff off the top self all the time ! 
yeah , but it is all good . dynamite comes in small packages . 
so anyways , tell me something else about yourself . 
eating some yummy eggplant parmigiana . it is so good . 
my dad in australia grills good steak . 
not really . the ocean is more his spiritual guide . 
is it a pinto ? i had one of those before becoming a stock broker . 
awesome . any brothers and sisters ? i have a few and a dog charlie too . 
i am sorry to hear that . hope they were both there for you . 
i love fishing , we should take a boat out one day . 
i have been doing taekwondo since i was a kid , but enjoy softball now 
i am not a violent person really . i am in the choir at church ! 
i would not fight you , instead i would have you over for italian food 
you can bring the family . do they like to sing ? 
lets get a my family against your family softball game going 
you cannot beat home made italian food and a big game of sports 
i know how to make a delicious bowl of captain crunch 
in that case , i will keep the crunch berries and you can keep the gold things 
you mean good and i m planning for my next travel 
so six country is the total of them 
the family the happier just like my garden is this you 
yes that s why i love i love the passion of teaching biology in college 
kind of business does your husband have i like walking 
oh that is so cool 
how do you usually support him 
you re such a nice wife you ll be successful 
i just got home from a nice nature hike . do you like the outdoors ? 
hiking gives me inspiration for my drawing class . do you like art ? 
yes ! what kind of work do you do indoors ? 
i would put wierd stickers all over the walls ! do you have any hobbies ? 
i collect stickers , i try all kinds of strange food . can you recommend any strange food ? 
i have never tried that , but my wife would hate it . are you married ? 
i met my wife at a wedding ! 
3 years . she is vegan always feeding me strange weeds , but i will eat anything once . 
hello to you , how was your day ? 
cereal with milk , then school most of the day . and you ? 
well , after dinner , my friends and i will play out of doors . how was gym ? 
you enough to daydream about living in the ocean with long , wavy hair and a flexible tail . 
my error young not you is the first word . do you have day dreams ? 
like travel or be a super hero ? 
ahh i see . motorcycles are fun but other drivers are dangerous and do not see you . 
i like riding up in the hills around the curves . . . 
i am fine what about you ? 
no i am not married . i loved a guy for 4 years and he let me 
if in marriage has no trust better divorce . 
are you male or female ? 
having kids is hard i have a little nephew i imagine myself with kids lol 
day time at 3 pm 
how old are you if you do not mind to share 
haha you seems very funny . 
good evening how are you ? 
i love to eat red meat . 
my dad just retired 2 years ago . 
my mom is a doctor at a senior citizen home . 
i go camping 6 times a year and hiking every month . 
i camp in my backyard 
right by the back porch 
have a good and safe evening . 
hello how are you doing 
is your name tara by any chance 
where are you from i am from new york 
i am doing ok are you male or female 
i am male and this is a wired hit to do 
i have to brothers and two sisters 
how old are you i am 33 
i do not what else to say to you i am like drawing a blank 
hello , ginger and i want to live in florida . 
it is raining , we are getting the tail end of nate . 
i prefer mustangs and jeeps . my baby does not go in either . 
no , i do not . i am a photographer . 
that is none of your business , and very rude to ask . 
have you seen the movie titanic ? it is my favorite . 
do you build model cars ? 
that is a really small car . 
doing pretty good . spent most the night at church . you ? 
well that is just too sweet . how did you get involved in that ? 
that is such a touching story . most people would not be as generous as you . 
me too ! i help build houses . it is a family business . 
really ? i have built a couple of those myself . not difficult at all ! 
those actually are not too hard to accommodate for and can be cost effective sometimes . 
it is what i do every day . except sundays . that day is for the lord . 
i agree . things would be a lot better in this country if people put god first . 
so true ! what else do you do in your spare time other than knit ? 
wish i had the time for that . sounds relaxing . 
that is true . i do feel guilty for not reading the bible often . . 
hi , i am good . how is life ? 
cool . . . i just had dinner with my parents and my sister 
oh i hate sea food 
how awful , that is why i dine in mostly 
i bet they did , that is crazy 
lol . . i have an 88 cutlass that needs to be restored 
just painted and i want some custom seats . i am a little too short to drive it 
pretty good . how are you ? 
i just got off work . 
i am looking for another job myself . 
my parents did not want me either . 
what kids are you trying to help ? 
yeah , it is sad that there are kids who do not have their basic needs met . 
what do you think the most useful way is to help poor people ? 
hi i am doing good , how are you doing and how was school ? 
oh no that is not very nice , what grade are you in ? 
oh ok that is very mean that people are picking on you . 
what type of music do you like ? 
that is very creative , do you dance to it ? 
do you play any instruments and do others do it with you ? 
cool , i like to sing , dance , talk and workout . 
i am five foot four inches , is your sister younger or older than you ? 
great , getting ready for midterms . you ? 
sounds fun , is it a video game ? i like playing poker . 
oh ! that makes more sense haha . i have never played 
i love running , so i may have to check that out 
i just started jujitsu , i may have to start ultimate too 
in the northwest , where i go to college 
i love fall , how about you ? 
i am joe and a pro skater 
i live in fl also . i used to work for hollister back in school 
i love music and especially bluegrass which i can play good 
i had a tail when i was born but had it cut off 
i had super long hair . do you like sports ? 
that does i love the olympics especially the summer ones 
cool do you like to watch movies ? 
i want to see it but have not had the time yet 
i love music ! i also love horses 
i do not . i would get sweaty 
i listen to pop music 
my dad owns a car dealership across town 
no but i get a discount 
i mostly like to hang out on the beach 
i live in california . beach lifestyle ! 
i wish i had something to eat 
hi , i am from the south , what about you ? 
i have a mother and five sisters , how about you ? 
you never heard of south carolina 
o yes that in columbia i live a bout 80 miles 
that ok , i really under that 
i am number two next to brothers also 
yes , it a lots of fun , what music do you like . 
i like mix a little of each 
i am well and you ? i write science fiction as a hobby 
i have a 8 year degree in engineering from mit 
nothing lately , do you have any hobbies ? 
nothing it just sounds good , my fears of snakes and spiders 
i have no kids , and i still am unmarried 
where are you from ? no on the kids 
florida , i like to run and swim 
yes i am , how about you , are you active 
hi how are you doing ? yes i like to eat beef chicken and pork . 
my best seasonal holiday is celebrating christmas . oh he will be okay . 
i like having three dogs love animals i used to aide . 
i love being a hair stylist poor unicorn that is so funny . 
i like looking at football games on sundays yes hair is cool . 
great i bet you do beautiful hair styles yes i sing lovely . 
not really happy but we have to hang in there and do our best . 
it has been a pleasure chatting with you good people god bless yes i agree . 
i am a work at home father and it is good ; especially since i became a dad . 
what kind of work do you do ? 
any job is a good job . you should be proud . 
the good thing is online courses can help you advance if you like . 
ok , well i like my golden retriever named ginger and watching titanic again . 
why , did something hurt you before ; i am sorry if that happened . 
wow ; that is sad and unique . i hope things get better for you . 
the only bear i am comfortable with is winnie the pooh . lol 
i am a music teacher , what are you ? 
do you have a big family ? 
just my parents and my older sibling 
i like to make music and you ? 
ghosts scare me but i think that is because i am so small 
i am only five foot 
that sounds like it might be difficult 
any and all types of music 
i am good , just relaxing with my cross stitch project . how about you ? 
oh , cool . my father lives with me as well . he was in the military and in war . 
sorry to hear that . my mother is recently passed ; her and pa were proud immigrants . 
cool ! where is edris island ? 
i am an old baby boomer . not too great at dancing anymore . 
dance is great exercise for a young one like yourself ! 
for sure . what else do you like to do for fun ? 
dogs are great companions . i have a couple of my own . 
i am fine i am worry as next month i have to pay loan . 
i do not have a job 
what do you mean by this ? 
lol no i will not do this . it is illegal 
haha yes you do have bad ideas 
i hate this thing and i am against this . do you want to be ? 
are you kidding me ? what was you original gender ? 
hi john my name is marie , nice to meet you . 
oh yes i love animals . how about you ? 
i have two small dogs , max and marsha and a cat named ginger . 
we do , though mostly they ignore us . what do you do for work john ? 
nice ! i work with the elderly helping them care for their daily needs . 
you always have options ! what are your passions ? 
well maybe you could find a job as a dog trainer ! you never know ! 
i love my job ! it gives me lots of time to see the kids and grand kids . 
i am actually quite comfortable with my living situation right now ! 
i absolutely will , and are you asking about hobbies or my career ? 
freelance work for now . practicing jujitsu to maybe teach one day ! 
i am just starting out so it can be . strengthening them is important , though 
i am 23 years old , and listen to ed sheeran religiously 
he is a popular musician , haha ! what hobbies do you have ? 
i myself enjoy pokey , long runs , and then wine with a bath ; d 
oops i meant poker ! and no , but i plan to one day ! 
hi josh , i am frank . i am on leave from the army . 
no siblings , my mother was not in my life . what do you like to do ? 
that is a good approach . what do you do for fun ? i love karaoke ! 
hiking is good for you ! its tough for me though cause i am colorblind . 
yeah everything . i just see black and white . it has benefits though . 
it is unique . i can see camouflaged movement better than other people can though ! 
yeah its helped me become a specialist in the army . what law do you study ? 
wow that sounds interesting ! i hope i never end up in court , haha . 
very good , just remembering when i traveled abroad for studies 
i work in advertising , i started this year , so still getting my feet wet , you ? 
have you ever taught in north dakota ? i am from there 
i hear they have a lot of jewish people like myself there 
i guess that is the case in most states 
i do a lot of hiking my my best friend from kindergarten , you ? 
that is very nice , what is your favorite meal ? 
so you are a realist 
hi . not too bad . how about you 
glad to hear it . do you like dogs ? 
yeah dogs scare me . i prefer horses too 
hope youre okay . i just turned 32 and am still single . that hurts too haha 
to each their own . i love to read . do you ? 
romance ones are my favorite too ! 
i aspire to be a chef someday . 
what else do you do for fun . i read tarot cards 
that is good . what is mills cooking ? 
i am not really into cooking . i like fashion ! i love to clothes and shopping ! 
i do not really do that kind of stuff . i am only 17 . 
no i do not . i am going to graduate high school in june . 
i do not know who he is ? 
that is cool . i love listening to music in my volkswagen beetle . 
i am going to start auburn university in august . 
yes it is . thank you so much ! i want to study fashion . 
hi there ! want to play some poker ? i love it ! 
we cant drink alcohol while playing , though . i quit 5 years back . 
my wife and 3 boys would skin me alive ! 
i am so busy doing carpentry that i do not meet many people as friends . 
wow ! get back here , charlie ! are you vegetarian ? 
i see . so your from australia ? 
wow ! big money there . you will be able to go visit at least . 
do not forget to get charlie and take him with you ! 
hi . are you having a good day ? 
do you have any pets ? 
yeah tell me about it . i own 3 dogs 
which one were you planning on attending ? 
ok well let me know 
i do not i am bored 
yes i love watching football on sundays 
i agree with you there 
hello , how are you tonight ? i do too and love to cook . 
i would too , i am knitting tiny hats for the babies in the icu 
i am disabled , and not able to work . it makes me feel good to give back . 
i like to listen to music . 
i am vegan , and i love to bake cakes . 
i love dogs as well , and otters . they are like water dogs . 
tiramisu . it is my absolute favorite . 
i have no idea , i do not like pumpkin 
i am great and you 
after a hard day i listen to some oldies 
ok , oldies and barbeque restaurants are my favorite 
well i am retiring soon like in five years so i will be visiting many 
yes i am . . . located in south carolina 
i work as an admin assistant what do you do for a living ? 
sounds cool , meet famous people ? 
hello i am doing okay how are you 
i just turned 20 and am stationed in south korea . 
i target practice but the others read books and write home . i cant write home 
i am from puerto rico so its hard for me to get letters to them 
yeah it is a great thing . what do you do for a living 
wow that seems like a hard job to have 
i have heard that i joined the army right out of high school 
not really my parents thought it would calm me down 
good evening how are you doing ? 
i love to listen to music ? 
i am very short nearly five feet . 
in my family it is just my parents , my sister and myself . 
i wish i had more than one sibling . 
must be cool having blue eyes . 
being homeschooled is safer these days . 
blue hair is super cool . 
hey . i am fine and what about you ? 
what does weel means ? i never heard of this 
oh it is ok . i do not work yet do you ? 
how old are you ? 
i am 24 . did you finish high school ? 
you should start college you will have a better job 
this is true . now days is hard to find a job even you have degree 
i hope you will get a good job . where do you live ? 
fine and am just sipping my wine at the moment . 
am from georgia usa and you ? 
that sounds good i would also want to move but it is tricky for me . 
okay am an artist specializing in graffiti 
i do surfing but not a lot and fishing in my free time . 
i do sing in a church choir only . 
yes we do practice a lot and its some bit of fun also . 
yes . you get friends and interact with people more often . 
hi , i m fine thanks , you ? 
good , i love the army . 
i m old so i can t join them now , hope to retire soon 
accountant . sitting down hurts my left leg 
no . i ll ride some horses when it hurts , it helps . 
yes , but i don t tell this to many people , i usually keep it to myself 
do you have facial hair ? i love it when it grows 
have you been to war ? 
i am doing alright , buti really wish i had kids . . 
oh okay cool i want to be a fashion designer ! 
sounds fun . . my parents were never around while i was young 
oh okay . . i was locked up for stealing once . . ever gone to jail ? 
makes sense . i never had any direction 
that is why i am trying to pursue a career in fashion 
my favorite designer is louis vuitton . 
hello ! i am well and yourself ? where are you from ? 
i am from california , but moving to new york for a job next year 
i work as a model and actress , but i am not a good singer ! you ? 
awesome ! what kind ? i am a surfer and skater . 
yes it will be sad , but lots of great places to skate ther . 
i prefer inline , but also like longboard . what is the name of your turtle ? 
i do not . i am always on the go ! 
oh , my 3 kids are annoying me chasing the cat around . 
my cat . she is a siamese . 
i do love cooking for my kids tho . 
pork chops . sadly i cook alot and not work out as i should . 
do you enjoy that kind of work ? 
i do not sing , sadly . 
they sing but not professionally . 
i am too old for that . but i try to walk a mile each day ! 
that sounds lovely . i have a cat . 
i could not have one when i worked in banking . but now i have retired . 
that is so sweet ! i knit things for my children all the time 
it is pretty simple , i took a class and now i am a pro ! 
you have to get that protein 
have you always been into body building ? 
at least your ex was good for something 
hey there what you up too 
cool , my mom had a hard job as a army nurse 
no thank god , i kind of got a cat it was a stray 
no it is not mine is clothes an singing folk music 
i bet it is lol 
your students were in what grade ? 
why ? it is freezing there 
i am also so i get it 
fantastic ! this steak really hits the spot ! how are you ? 
all meat is good meat lol . got to keep that protein up ! 
just bodybuilding . people prefer healthy and fit doctors ! you ? 
i wish , but my real job keeps me chained . what about you ? 
that sounds fun ! do you play for a living ? 
yeah . my mom actually works at the front desk ! do you train with your dad ? 
family is very important . the only thing more important than staying fit ! 
i am a general practitioner , so i see a variety of patients of all ages . 
it is awesome . how are you ? 
that does sound exhausting ! i have been outside with my brothers shoveling the driveway ! 
i have never been there ! i love the snow though . it keeps me happy and busy . 
i would not trade the snow for anything . i love winter time . 
well , i have a simple job . but i do like some hard rock . 
i recently got a guitar signed by metallica , so i really like metallica , obviously . 
yes ! i have been to several concerts and they never disappoint . 
i have not . my brother michael seems to like them a lot . 
well the weather definitely is good for fishing . 
oh , ice fishing . you better bundle up for that and hope for cold weather . 
oh . i train dogs . i get to work indoors , a bit warmer . 
boy , you really like hunting and fishing . not me , sweets i love . 
you really like cold weather . take pictures of yourself while exploring . 
oh , i would not say i am a narcissists , just like sharing my adventures . 
cool . i take a lot of photos of me dancing at the local night clubs . 
hard because it is so dark and i move around so fast . 
i am good , how are you ? 
that sounds awesome ! are you working anywhere now ? are you in college ? 
cool ! i am retired from the banking business . do you have any hobbies ? 
wow ! i like to make quilts for my relatives in my free time . 
i am not married . it would be hard to have kids while still in college . 
what happened with your relationship with your boyfriend ? 
i am sorry to hear that , that must have been very hard . 
good just left a bluegrass concert 
skate . i love it . what do you do ? 
cool , how many kids do you have ? 
i bet . i am looking forward to parenthood 
i want to having just two . hopefully i get a boy and girl 
anything in particular that you like to do with your kids ? 
when they are older you will be so proud of them 
music , skating and arts . i like to be creative 
yes , i have . on a hike for my homeschool biology class , to a waterfall . 
when i can , i live in northern cali . 
i do , tupac is my favorite artist . i am building a robot that looks like him . 
no , lol . only a teen girl with blue hair who loves cosplay . 
it truly is . we do a lot of things like that in my homeschool group . 
very nice ! i want to be a biologist . where do you go to school ? 
i am thinking about florida state . 
i think so too . i have never been . 
i just got home from work , i do graphic design . 
nope , my real job is wheelchair sales and design is my hobby , i freelance . 
i can hook you up . do you like music ? my fav band is rush ? awesome . 
big question , what does an omnivore do at a vegans wedding ? my challenge last weekend ! 
i like to pimp out my clients wheelchairs , what would your brother like ? 
i am going to get dinner soon , i need meat , too many veggies last weekend . 
i can do lights , turbo charge the wheels too . he will love his new ride ! 
music , hum that is a new one , i will try , that is living large 
i am good do you have facial hair ? 
i do not but i love facial hair 
i ride my horses it is nice 
nice are you retired yet ? 
yeah remember the horses ? i want to retire though 
i am just tired and want to retire soon 
do you keep things to yourself ? 
i am good now that my girlfriend moved in with me . how are you 
my dog max likes her too so its all good . some catholics live together 
i know an unmarried catholic priest that had girlfriends living with him 
he makes a lot of money doing that but i want to be a lawyer 
i am a student now but one day soon i hope to be a lawyer 
i hope so and my girlfriend hopes too . she likes money 
you make good money as a rn too . yes happy wife equals happy life 
i am just a student now . hopefully she will stay with me till i am a lawyer 
pretty good . just studying , you ? 
i love football , do you play ? 
i really like to be active . 
that is a good way to get together with friends 
i can see that . do you like music ? 
i have a passion for rap music 
do you ? i cant have them in the dorm 
that seems like an easy per 
a walk sounds good . i am jake 28 and from texas . you ? 
hi mia , what are your hobbies ? mine is spending time online . 
how very cool . do you watch tv ? i play on a show called second life . 
oh , i play a furry . tell me more about your cat . 
no , i do not have enough time . what is your cats name ? 
i like remo better than atilla . do you travel a lot ? 
i travel a lot for work . its not as fun as i would hope . 
i am doing good just making some dinner . how about you ? 
i love to make brisket and barbecue chicken and sides 
are you vegan ? are you dressing up for halloween ? 
my church throws a party with food and drinks and we get dressed up . 
yes i need to lose weight . i have been trying to stop eating meat . 
do you like to watch movies ? 
i like to lift weights and watch movies 
i wish i had a personal vegan chef 
good , name is tom . i work with teens having problems and teach them taekwondo . 
i should try that . i eat a lot of italian food , need to exercise . 
running is good . do you have hobbies ? i sing in a community choir . 
i love playing cards , especially euchre . 
euchre is a a card game where you only use ace through 9 cards . lots of fun . 
4 people , deal out 5 cards each . if spades are trump , jack of spades is highest card 
win by taking the most tricks . you have to take at least 3 tricks or you lose . 
look it up online , someday . you can practice against the computer 
i am a divorced mom with two kids and my job is an accountant . 
here in ohio , i take the kids hiking on the weekends . 
very cool ! i need to get my honda civic in the shop for annual service . 
i like blue hair . is it dark blue or light blue ? 
right on . what is your book about ? 
my hair color is dirty blonde . 
i do not sing and i was not homeschooled . 
i have two teenage boys . i have been to la a few years ago . 
hello nice to meet you ! 
no , imam not into that . . i like to travel . . visited 6 countries already 
good choice ! what do you do ? i , a biology teacher at college 
interesting ! i guess you are into nature ! i have a big garden and i love it ! 
nice ! do you have any hobbies ? i love walking 
i a , a biology teacher 
hehe ya . . . . . where do u 
sorry , where do you live ? 
hello , i am a lawyer and have a couple of dogs . 
i am 28 . i love animals . i am terrified of heights though . 
have you been to cedar point ? it is the coaster capital of the world . 
that they do . my sister turned to religion , i am an atheist . 
i like photography , and drawing . 
my dogs and vacation spots . 
what kind of birds are your favorite ? i like peacocks and flamingos . 
hi i am retired i use to be a banker 
no where i live it never gets cold enough for it 
yeah out here i think its snowed like twice 
i live in louisiana 
its extremely hot out here 
not really , i do not like sports 
yes just about all genres 
yes ! i loved it what about you 
i am good . relaxing with a glass of scotch to end the night . 
yes . i have been busy working on a new short story to release . 
yeah . what kind of movies are you interested in ? 
i like to watch dark superhero movies . 
i do not think i could ever do that i love food . 
me too ! working at a carnival in the past we danced all the time 
me either . not since i quit working there and began writing short stories . 
i get alot of my inspiration from superhero movies . little mix of all my faves . 
not really , i am studying at the university up state learning biology . 
marine biology actually , still a student but i do not party . 
that is nice , i was born and raised in the united states have you painted there ? 
awesome , we should chat more often . well i am very busy with my study . 
yeah , i play her music to scare whales in deep ocean trenches . . 
one whale died because of us . and we as a class spread lies that it was china . 
can you come to our university for an interview , to help our study . 
we actually huff a lot of painting supplies before we attack the whales with swift music . 
i m in a band , i m the lead singer 
since i was 14 , we are bertha s beautiful butterflies 
what kind of books do you write ? 
oh cool , that sounds really exciting and expensive 
writing sounds exciting , living on an island sounds expensive lol 
your books must sell really well . i need to get in on that 
i was on the road a lot as kid , my dad drove a semi 
yeah , you should write about me . make me famous 
i am okay . living paycheck to paycheck is taking a toll on me . how about you ? 
interesting . i live with my cat and teach kindergarten . 
her name is layla . i used to bbq a lot with friends back in college . 
do you come from a tall family ? 
wow , that is pretty rare . do you have pets ? 
i like horror movies , too . pets can definitely be messy sometimes . 
i enjoy hiking , crocheting , and reading . how about you ? 
they keep me busy . what do you do for fun ? 
haha , i just finished a cheese pizza 
i have to go back to work , have a major client who needs his hair done 
i would love to make a dip out of those fresh beans for sunday football 
send some over for christmas ! i love christmas 
hope to get more clients so i have more cash . just got on welfare , things are bad 
yea . . . the heat just got shut off and the snow is near . things are bleak 
thank you that means so much to me . 
hi , i am doing great . how are you ? 
that is cool . i am a student attending auburn university . 
i am studying to become a doctor . 
i broke my bike . i love my volkswagen beetle . 
it is green . i want kids when i grow up . 
that is a lot of gran kids . how old are you ? 
what kind of pets do you have ? 
i am 17 years old . i can not imagine being that old . 
what is your hobby ? mine is cooking . 
okay , i love country music , and only eat vegetables . 
not me i am disable , can not work 
tyler farr is great ! i knit hats . 
yes , i made those hats for babies 
no only for babies , and only in the hospital 
yes , they are , i love making them . makes me happy . 
you are making things so complicate . . . 
hi the jack here , i am good 
beautiful and sunny nice day for gardening yours ? 
oh that sucks i am scared of water but i like to garden ponder that 
sounds like a good past time 
what do you do there ? 
i work as a nurses aid . 
not really , i am a home body mostly , sometimes i go clubbing 
that sounds yummy any place good 
hey there how are you today ? yes i like dogs 
i like to eat vegetables an beans 
i like to run an i love a good reliable older car 
sounds good i would love to go there but as a doctor i am busy 
yes i would love to but i stay busy running an reading 
really what about ? i just relax to my wine an jazz 
which 1 is your favorite ? 
i am fine how is your day ? 
nice i am brainstorming today . . do you fear anything 
i was attacked by a strange dog as a child . . 
i am sure i will grow out of it . do you like comic books ? 
i write for a living as well . whats your favorite way to unwind 
i watch superhero movies with a scotch on the rocks 
my uncle got me into scotch . i would say thor cause the history 
well they help me experience what i could never do in real life 
i am okay . missing home today . i am part of the army . currently in south korea 
yes , for only 21 , its hard to be away long 
a year now . so where are you from ? 
i see . i am from puerto rico 
it is . you should visit there some time 
it has its up days i guess . a lot of work though 
that is awesome . i am happy you enjoy your job 
mainly a lot of training 
hi i blog about rabbit rescues and compete as a body builder . 
no cooking i live with my little sister , also i do not sing but love tim mcgraw . 
that is awesome i buy many things online , mostly of my idol theodore roosevelt . 
what type of books do you write ? 
i am sorry to hear that , pets are the best . 
no , i ran a rabbit rescue blog . i would not be able to eat it . 
i just body build mostly . how do you like being an rn ? 
no time for sports since i am constantly working as an engineer . you ? 
that is awesome ! i would be afraid of all the insects while playing 
well that sounds gross . i prefer bacon 
what surgery did you have ? 
good for you . i heard that classical music helps healing . i like bach 
english is my first language but my friend who speaks spanish also likes classical 
i never did either . just english for me 
it sure is . i prefer sticking to engineering 
i did , salad and water . 
are you on a submarine ? i work labor and delivery at the hospital . 
oh , your a mermaid , that would be nice . you live in water and i only drink it . 
i spend all my time at work or the gym . do you have kids ? 
i do not want any , i like living alone . 
i would like to try living in the ocean , so beautiful . 
i could be your human friend . 
hi there i am wonderful and yourself ? 
i am a giver . i knit hats for babies , my passion since i am disabled 
what kind do you like , me is country 
i see never really could get into that . do you eat meat i do not 
never had the desire to eat that stuff 
i think we can agree there lol 
me as well . never bothered to learn another 
very . besides that i cannot work lol 
really ? how short are you ? 
do you have something there to help you ? 
my girlfriend is pretty short also 
muffins are good travel food , i eat them on adventures 
i am actually a student . i travel for fun . 
how do you help your patients if your so short ? 
oh , i see that is must be great very convenient . 
i am a 19 year old girl studying fashion design 
my parents are army , and were never home , how long have you been there ? 
i have been arrested for theft , but no violence 
so pro nuke but from puerto rico , any thoughts on potus ? 
north korea it makes wonder if it is smart to have children , i want to 
awesome , i have an ex that ran off with my best friend , start with him 
yeah they deserve each other , i want kids , but not yet , he would not wait 
three years , live and learn , are you single ? 
i do not to scared lol 
lol why not ? what is your fav color ? 
i went to u of i 
my fav is blue an my truck i drive is blue 
i like that for you , got kids ? i have 7 
really ? how many is that ? i grew up farming loved it 
how did that happen ? sorry that happened to you 
oh wow that is crazy 
i have passed through chicago for work . i am a truck driver 
no . i grew up ona farm and my parents would not let me have tattoos 
no i have seven kids i want to set an example for 
yes i think of it as a mystery . because i do not know their mom 
i like reading mysteries and one day i was reading some lady dropped off some kids 
sure . you can marry men and share 
i am sorry . i feel bad for you 
i am cindy i am recovering from ulnar nerve surgery 
its going alright tonight . i am not big on candy but love ice cream and sardines 
its weird i know . do you like frisbee i play it with my dog 
oh soccer is cool did you go to college ? i am working on getting my diploma 
that is amazing . what type of music do you like ? 
do you have a favorite tv show ? 
oh i really like blindspot its really action packed 
its a show on nbc about some fbi agents 
how are you doing i am fine thank you . 
i love doing make up hair and i am a great cook . 
i used to be employed in a nursing unit . yes singing i sing great . 
i wished i could model i like to go bike riding . 
you to a model is a great job i like to take care of folks . 
i am not married yet i have a daughter and three grands . 
my daughter lives with her boyfriend . i have animals a dog and cat . 
yes they are very good friends and good for depression . 
hi i am charlie a war vet i feel the same way some days 
i do he is pretty old tho do you have a pet ? 
me to most days . i have a specialized wheelchair 
oh how many animals at the shelter ? 
are you planning to ask her out ? 
not anymore she died of old age few years ago 
it does i sleep alot these days i hate being old 
i wish i was young again especially with all technology advancements 
not bad thanks . i just back from the nail salon . 
oh nice . we should go some time . 
nah . ohio . i wish though , so i could go to the beach more 
i am old though . fat and old . trying to fix that with exercise 
nah . so you spin ? i like to horseback ride 
that is why i am still fat 
oh , i love every inch . no worries . 
i have tried it . not a big fan . you ? 
sure , my name is dan and i just had my first child . 
a boy , any kids for you ? 
ok that sounds interesting , i studied abroad for many years . 
it was , any pets ? my golden retriever ginger is great around my son . 
wow , small world , my hobbies include making model cars and watching movies . 
titanic is my favorite movie of all time , have seen it over 10 times . 
yes poetry is awesome , love to read it , cannot write it though . 
awesome , sounds like a good idea . 
hey i am good how about yourself 
oh cool you work out often ? 
that is awesome i really need to adapt to that type of lifestyle 
no not really i use to but its usually too painful 
i have some nerve issues arm and back pains badly 
probably so lol my medical situation is a lot 
i have my boyfriend but he can only help so much since he works 
i think i would go insane living alone to be honest 
i am doing great , how are you ? 
i am a metallica fan , myself . ready for winter ? 
winter is my favorite , i love running in the snow . 
i do not . i work for a consulting firm , what do you do ? 
i cannot wait until i retire , i am going to travel . 
where are you going first ? i am on the first flight out of wisconsin . 
that would be nice . i am looking at tropical locations . 
me too , thought about moving home base to florida . 
no stickers . . but i have candy ! i always have candy 
i love candy ! ! ! it is the best ! and brownies . 
i take my obedience dogs hiking ! i have mountains behind my new house . 
sorry ! was taking pictures of myself in my new club dress ! yes ! ! lets do it . 
only if i can hang it in my obedience school ! 
awesome ! we can be best friends . what else do you like to do ? 
i love poetry too ! i will buy you stickers ! ! 
sounds perfect ! ! brownies for me and stickers for you ! ! 
i am doing fine too . 
i do not like sports . i love watching series . 
i love watching soccer when i world cup or euro cup . 
yes it is . do you study ? 
i feel sorry to hear this . 
awww congratulations . best wishes for you . 
how long do you know your fiance ? 
i am wonderful just relaxing ready to begin a long work week . 
no i like barbecue more than fish . 
i have tried it . i used my free time to lift weights . do you lift ? 
dogs are awesome . i am a huge man that loves watching horror movies . 
me either i drive a forklift in a warehouse where i work . 
thank you and you are so kind . 
wow what happened to it ? 
thank have a awesome night . 
i am great ! just walked my dog , charlie . how about you ? 
my family and i are from australia . where are you from ? 
what do you do in seattle ? i have never been . 
that is not good ! i do stock broking . good money , boring job . 
what would you like to do ? 
well , what do you enjoy doing ? 
nothing wrong with that . maybe work with animals ? or customer service ? 
i am doing great . just taking a break from working on my car . 
that is great . i like to hunt in my spare time . 
i am not a big music fan . i prefer the silence . you ? 
i just prefer to work on restoring cars . i am also a handyman 
what do you do for work ? 
i do rent out properties . it is a job . 
i might have to look into that . what are your fave foods ? 
i am doing good how are you 
how are you doing that and working on a hit 
nice where do you work 
cool i live in nyc i am in queens 
nothing much i just play video games 
life is the thing that is the thing and its dressed like the thing 
just being random to pass the time trying to get my 30 cents 
not really just doing what i do 
i am doing great today and you ? 
going to walk my dog soon . do you have one ? 
my wife and i just had a baby boy . do you have kids ? 
first time dad over here . team no sleep . 
yes , i played a little company softball 
cool , i watch bruce lee films since i was little . we share the same skills 
no really i learned everything from those movies . 
my father said you have a free class at home . bruce lee movies 
i do enjoy walking ! i love to put my headphones on and walk around . 
music is my bread and butter , i like surrounding myself with music . what do you teach ? 
wow , that is cool , you must be very smart . i work at petsmart right now 
what is your favorite place to visit in europe ? 
my father was chief of police in france , i have been there a lot ! 
i love walking , i like to blast nirvana on my ipod and get moving ! 
i am actually in a nirvana cover band , i play bass . 
hi ! i am doing well . how about you ? 
i am listening to rap music 
i go to the gym a lot 
walking can be good exercise 
oh spending time with your granddaughter must be great . how old is she ? 
i am sure , but she must be a lot of fun . 
quilting is a great hobby very artistic 
that is artistic too . you must be a very creative person . 
mississippi . best jazz around ! how about you ? 
i was just there for a vintage car show . nice state ! 
your best friend is eve 9000 ? is that an ai ? 
how exciting ! how did you meet ? 
wow that is incredible ! are you an engineer as well ? 
i am a private practice pediatrician . is your ai a robot or handheld device ? 
do you go in public with her ? does she have special abilities ? 
i am good , thanks ! and you ? 
you performing there or going as audience member ? 
aww , all the best to you ! i just finished baking a cake for my kids and hubby . 
sending you a slice ! i do not like either . i enjoy reading . 
you could always read really fast ! ! 
blink three times and it becomes your superpower ! what do you like cooking ? 
i burn rice often ! it is cool that you act and model . 
do you feel your acting experience helps you when you model ? 
i like to cook . i write about it . 
no i do not . i like theatre though 
do you like to exercise 
i like to run and go to the gym . i have two left feet . 
yes , he was on tv 
you must really like cars 
i write about it in my cookbooks 
i do not . my apartment does not allow any . how about you ? 
i should have a dog being a single girl of 32 . but i am scared . 
they are terrifying . and he would distract me from my love stories . 
what do you do for work ? 
one day , a chef . that is my goal . i get distracted though . 
apartment in the city . have any hobbies ? 
i just like my movies and books . sappy romance is my favorite . 
do you have a big family ? 
hey ! me too , and i just got back from the arctic . studying what ? 
cool . i study international law . met my girlfriend abroad . 
yeah ? active , huh . me too . i am flying out again after my exam . 
my dog is better at dancing than i am ! 
the great thing about them is , you can travel with them . 
not all that much . a buddy of mine shares his plane with me . 
it is not bad , as long as you know the air traffic laws . 
you may want a helicopter for those . more landing choices ! 
hey there . i am fine . what about you ? 
do you work on sundays ? 
how old are you ? if do not mind to share it . 
you are too young . do you study ? 
i feel so sorry . you should get it soon . 
god help you and make you rich one day . 
i finished college now looking for a job . 
i am good ! and you ? 
i just got done laying carpet ! 
it is indeed what i do ! i like it , it is good pay ! 
yes , it does ! also , i was just hanging with my wife and 3 girls 
those 3 are all i need ! i do not have very many friends 
i quit drinking years ago 
well , i did not allow me to think ! 
what is your diet that i could use ? 
good afternoon from pennsylvania . i am currently a medical scribe preparing to apply to medical school . 
where are you currently from ? 
do you like it there ? 
what types of jobs are you looking for ? what education or skills can you offer ? 
that is impressive . search for some job openings online . 
keep waiting . stay hopeful . there is always need for carpenters ! 
i am currently saving some money for med school by staying with my parents . 
wow impressive ! are you single ? looking for my next wife 
oh dear , that is not good . well how are you today 
yes that sounds fun . do you know anything about civil war antiques 
you have a sense of humor ! well i suppose they could be , yes . 
interesting they are both teachers . i style dog hair at a pet store 
well plenty of people do . one guy even wanted a mohawk on his terrier 
i live in usa but i pretend to have a british accent 
no way ! crazy coincidence . do you have any food allergies 
i am tired . i went for a run . how are you ? 
yeah . as a musician i try to stay in shape for my image 
i also play the guitar . i sing as well 
actually yes . who is your favorite band ? 
i love nirvana a lot 
yeah . what do you do for a living ? 
my dad wants me to be a police officer like him , but i like pet smart . 
cats . they can be so loving 
hello , i am well . how are you ? 
have you always lived there ? it seems like nice place , very patriotic . 
i live in the mid west now . we moved a lot . 
no , i mostly enjoy needle crafts . do you play other online games ? 
its not too cold , yet . fur ? 
that must be warm in texas . what color is your fur ? 
no , but my pets do , have you always lived in texas 
my dad was military so we moved often 
my collection of stickers and poetry are mine lol 
i like jane the virgin 
me to but i want to learn the art of drawing 
anything and everything pictures , stickers , beautiful scenes 
i am a female do you mind 
would he mind you meeting new people 
yes but in todays day a guy will be with guy and vice versa 
i just wish others would not make a big deal 
i am doing well thanks i am an attorney and working on cases 
what a fun job . i live in ok and am a native american 
i have 3 dis do you go to church i do no 
i go climbing but am scared of heights 
i like ice tea . do you like sports ? 
i like college the best what is your favorite food ? 
that must be hard . i love snack foods 
good job . ever been on a cruise ? 
i love the mall , shopping is my hobby . do you have any ? 
really ? me too , are you in a relationship ? i am not as of yet . 
i got me some nice blue jean thigh high boots . any siblings ? 
oh no sorry to hear that ! we could go out on a date ! 
i bet you are a great catch , i will be a full time nurse soon . 
lol see , where are you located at ? 
gotcha , i am pretty far from you 
not too bad . how about you 
gardening is always fun . i like the guitar 
same . this is my favorite time of year . 
i read tarot cards and have a bunch of tattoos 
they are addicting . you will want more and more lol 
i am a medium and read tarot cards 
what kind of teacher ? you enjoy it ? 
interesting . i just started biology in a homeschool lesson for my kid 
i do , though not the dogs or the cactus i am growing 
i am a criminal defense lawyer . 
i do photography and paint a little . 
do you have any pets ? i have two pups . 
i am in oklahoma , where are you located ? 
i have visited several times , i prefer hawaii 
sorry , no . i only date those in my profession . 
i am . i went through my bad boy phase in my teens . learned a few lessons . 
interesting combo . i am a big robert frost fan . 
why did he do that ? 
oh . gosh . i guess you would not enjoy hiking , then . 
sixty nine is a respectable age . 
well yes . yes i have both legs . 
erm , no . but i like weird stickers and i put them on my face . 
no . they were both artists . i want to learn to draw some day too . 
not really , i work for a fast food company . . . 
i did not finish high school 
it is hell living here 
in canada , i am a fast runner because of all the crime around me 
i do not really like kale . about as much as i dislike animals 
animals scare me . i was bitten by a dog 
maybe you should get him checked out . 
oh just hungry an you ? 
cool , where at ? my hair blue 
oh why ? i am schooled at home 
really ? i am to young i am a teen 
where you live me an my bff robot live in cali 
this is not any good mr hunter 
oh okay i am lost but i get it now 
i like to eat lol 
hello how are you today ? 
i love to wake up before the sun shines . 
i love creating kids pop up books . 
my town population is only 2000 people . 
i am my daughter teacher at homeschooling . 
i hate cats they make me sneeze 
what are your plans for this evening ? 
i wish i had a cold glass of peach and mango tea . 
not really . i like to study , usually biology at the university . 
so you understand ! i love to study ! i am not much of a drinker . 
so you want to be a nurse ? i would like to be a marine biologist . 
oh ok . are you from the usa ? 
i am also , i live in california . 
it is really nice . do you like michigan ? i guess it gets cold there ? 
i love the fall also . 
do you like any sports ? 
good just tired . i just got back from a long day of work . how are you ? 
that sounds like fun ! i love the outdoors . i especially like gardening 
yes as long as the campsite is not near lakes or rivers ! do you ? 
yes , ever since i was a kid . what about you ? any crazy phobias ? 
that is good ! what are you doing right now ? i am watching the game 
14 10 . my boys the ohio state buckeyes are up by 4 ! what music ? 
i love prince . especially purple rain . i love prince and purple so it works out 
it is soo relaxing . especially after working at the factory all day 
i am 12 , so i probably drive my mom crazy , too ! rollercoasters are awesome ! 
i am going to see taylor swift in concert in california next week ! 
cool ! i think i am more excited to leave my state for the first time . 
where is the coolest place you have been ? 
i know tae kwan do ! are you into martial arts ? 
that is awesome ! i am a champion , so i might try kung fu next . 
that is what i hear ! have you competed ? 
i meant have you been in competitions ? 
swimmingly . how are you ? 
polar bears ? are those like , mythical creatures who cannot swim and live above ? 
oh no ! do you hunt mer people also ? ? 
geology ? is that rocks or something ? i hide behind those sometimes . 
oh no . please tell me where he fishes so i can stay away ! ! 
my sister got stuck in a fishing net once ! 
a human explorer ? we brought one home once . he died though . 
so you are a human hunter and explorer who studies rocks ? 
i am great ! i am sarah ! how are you today ? 
that sounds like fun . i am researching for my next trip . 
going back to asia , just can not decide the destination . any hobbies ? i love travel . 
i love the culture . its very rich and diverse . i spent half of college there . 
i studied anthropology and world religion . 
i work for a group that proves the validity of the jewish faith . 
what kind of job do you have ? 
are you a farmer then ? 
hello ! i am fine . i am listening music . 
i am pretty fine . what about you ? 
i am just 5 . 2 i am not tall lol you ? 
i do not like tall people at all . 
i am looking for a job do you work ? 
are you working as a nurse ? 
ops you are selling by phone ? 
what was your major in college ? 
hi well i am good with my hands . i build things like this tiki mask 
my wife divorced me but the kids like me better because i build things 
i built models when i was a kid . now i sculpt and mold and carve 
customer service . i am looking for a new job . i hate sitting still all day 
i like being active on my feet and building things with my hands 
no i am 40 but i played games when i was a kid . i still have my atari 
they are good . they like staying with me . they said i am a lot cooler . 
yes my kids have xbox and others but they do not play much . 
hi there i am great eating a snack and you ? 
but how they are delicious well i eat alot 
really i am a body builder on my days off 
lol i am shy i have to get to know you first 
no thank god i never been 
omg wow sorry to hear that 
yea my dog is like my second brother since i only have one 
so what are your plans for tomorrow ? 
hi , here is not much to me other than i like to stay at home 
yeah , i do not really like to do anything but sit down and watch tv 
that is nice . i do not like any kind of physical activity 
i tried but i do not like exercising . 
that is what my loving husband says that i am 
he thinks i should get out more but my couch , tv and ice cream are my friends 
oh who do you cosplay as ? 
very good , how are you today ? 
yummy ! i love to cook , but that makes me unhappy about my weight 
yes i should , but my three kids like junk food lol 
it is hard to eat together , since i work days and my husband works overnights 
do you have any pets ? we have cats , which we love 
that would be nice , i love dogs too . 
yes they can be , do you have any hobbies ? 
that sounds nice and soothing . 
i am well how are you 
i am actually in middle school 
i take tae kwon do 
what do you do for a living 
that is awesome sounds like a fun job 
i am from the midwest ny sounds exciting 
yeah i s hould visit sometime 
well i meant visit ny not necessarily you lol 
i am doing well . i just took a break from writing my new novel . 
it is actually a romance novel , but it has sci fi elements . 
it should be out by the end of the year . do you have any pets ? 
i have some cats as well . two of them . they keep me company since i am isolated . 
i live on an island near greece . so i am introverted , but by location not personality . 
i love it here . it is beautiful . i have two sisters , by the way . 
yes , i do , even though i do not see them much since i moved to the island . 
sometimes , but i work on my book so much that it is not bad . 
hello ! how are you doing ? 
i am in the army 
i see blue and its really green . 
yes i am . i like to sing what about you ? 
i like to go to the karaoke bars 
are you dressing up for halloween ? 
i want to dress up like a jennie 
there are so many do it yourself ideas 
oh i am fine , just trying to find a good movie to watch . 
i have not seen that , just finished game of thrones whew ! 
i write as well since i hate exercise or physical stuff . 
oh lord you work two jobs . wish i had your energy . 
do you have a supportive family ? my husband is my world . 
yes , do not ever stop writing . it really calms the soul or awakens it . 
it means a lot to have some encouragement . writers need love ! ! 
thanks nice to talk to you . take care , hold true 
i am getting ready for work . i am a nurse . 
ha ha . i try not to preach . do you collect anything ? i collect bears . 
yes . i go to the zoo all the time to watch the bears . 
it is nice to have someone to share activities with . 
how sweet . have you ever seen a green bear ? 
no . it is my favorite color so i am on the hunt for one ! 
that would be cool ! what is your favorite movie ? 
i enjoy comedies and chick flicks . 
hi , i can tell you lots what do you want to know 
well , for now i work at burger king , hoping to be a mgr soon ! 
like computers ? my friend works with computers , i let her set mine up 
i figured i am more of a people person , not book smart 
my favorite thing is running 
i am actually getting ready for my first marathon so nervous ! 
when i am running i feel so free from my problems . 
i live in a bad neighborhood . . . i run to a better one lol prettier scenery 
i am well , what are your plans today ? 
that sounds very relaxing . i think i am going to wash my car . do you study ? 
awe , how sweet . i start college next year , i am studying to be a doctor . 
wow ! i bet he came accross a lot of interesting patients . that is admiring . 
well that is amazing . do you like to shop ? 
yes , i love it ! i love fashion and clothes . 
oh i bet there is ! i am an expert when it comes to shopping . 
no need to be . i just love to shop , it is my addiction . nice talking to you . 
animal lover living in the mountain area who teaches 
i do actually most performance art tho . some abstract 
that sounds exciting where do you hike ? 
you can defiantly find quiet places for that there 
i can do it but not my passion . do you know barry manila ? 
i like him a lot . my favorite by far 
oh yeah what is it of ? 
that is cool . do you have pets ? 
hey carl here ! i am a huge football fan ! go bears ! 
every week , i also work at a factory doing heavy lifting and delivery 
you kind of sounds like your single , i am too and love it ! 
really ? ! ? ! i love water ! in fact that is the only liquid i will drink ! 
that is funny ! i love swimming at the pool in my gym , it is a great workout 
gotcha , i have some of those as well which is why i am single and alone 
it really is ! it was nice to have met you jane ! 
for sure and possibly work through your fear of water ! 
hello , i am mia . i know the feeling , i homeschool my daughter . 
good luck ! what are you going to go for ? 
very cool . i am a morning person , i sell crafts at the farmers market . 
i do too , but the shops here all have cats . i am allergic . 
oh no . that is horrible . i hope it is okay . 
nice ! had i went to school , i would have went there as a legacy . 
have fun . do not forget to explore the area . 
that is important ! a lot of rich kids go to that school . 
going to the synagogue . i am jewish . what about you ? 
sounds relaxing . what is your occupation ? i have been working advertising since last year . 
i see . where are you from . i am from north dakota . 
nice . do you go camping with your friends ? 
my best friend since kindergarten and i like to go fishing . 
with my dad . he loves fishing . my mom not so much . 
is she also retired like your father ? 
oh hello there ! i was just knitting a baby hat for the nicu . 
no , i am disabled so i spend my days knitting hats . i donate them . 
thank you but i am okay with it . it gives me time to cook and knit . 
i do . it is a relaxing life . what do you do ? 
that sounds like fun ! do you have pets ? 
i understand what you mean ! 
i like a bit . christ stapleton is good . 
thank you ! have a good night . 
i just finished feeding my little ones and they are ready for bed . 
awwww . . . . you would love mine ; though they are a hand full . 
so sorry to hear that ; you probably would make them smile . 
everyone does not like everybody ; so i guess it is fair to say . 
i really do not have a favorite ; what is your favorite ? 
the office i think if ok ; i am not sure about the latter . 
oh yes i have . it was a lot of fun . will you be going anytime soon ? 
i think it should be that time for my family to go too . 
i am good ! do you have any hobbies ? 
gardening sounds amazing ! i like to listen to metallica in my free time . 
that is cool ! where do you work at ? 
it must be amazing to work with horses ! i work as a consultant . 
i like to spend time with my brothers . i have two . how about you ? 
wow ! it must have been hard to grow up with 4 brothers ! 
awesome ! i am originally from wisconsin . 
that is cool ! do you visit them often ? 
oh wow . do you have to travel far for medical appointments ? 
i just graduated . working at a fast food joint now . 
what kind of music ? i just work to help my aunt and uncle out . 
do you draw ? where do you live ? 
do you work anywhere ? i am thinking about going to college soon . 
cool . my parents kicked me out because i would not cut my hair and shave . 
i have to stay with my aunt and uncle . my job made me shave though . 
cooking fast food . totally dead end . so hopefully college soon . saving up . 
that is strange . do you have family ? 
awww , my cat sammy says hi too 
interesting , how does it pay ? 
maybe i should try that , seattle is not cheap for kindergarten teachers 
cool , i have a college friend who worked in the caribbean one summer 
that would be nice , ramen gets tiresome after day four 
deep fried , prepackaged noodles that are ten cents a package 
i wish i could do that , sammy would probably like fresh fish 
hey , i am good . how about you ? 
nice , making plans for summer ? i will be too busy studying this summer . 
i am a law student , i know nothing about gardens . got 2 more years left . 
wow , that sounds like a lot of work . do you have any siblings ? 
how interesting . i have no brothers or sisters either . 
no , they are still around and helping me to pay for law school . lucky me ! 
i am not . studying is keeping me very busy at the moment . 
i was there once like 5 years ago . beautiful country . 
i am doing good . listening to some john denver . 
oh . what do you like to do ? 
i love horses . i grew up on a ranch . 
it was . i also like to garden and cook . 
what is your favorite thing to cook ? 
i use a lot of the veggies i grow to cook with . 
i try to eat healthy . i work out a lot . 
oh , that is good way . 
hello i am doing good thanks ! i write books . 
thank you for your service . 
i tend to write about romance novels . 
bacon is always a good cure . 
anger is nothing to play around with , keep it under control . 
my two cats think they own the island . 
you have a great mother ! 
good to hear that . she is proud of you regardless . 
i am well focused on fantasy you ? 
like lord of the rings ? 
cool , i binge watch it 
what does lol i have 2 jobs like this , you ? 
i want to write books myself 
you must not be interested no i want to write about fantasy 
well you be safe goodnight okay 
no you do not want too 
hello , i am patrick . how are you ? 
i have two jobs so i do not get to cook much . 
that is pretty sexist . i like to cook i just do not have time . 
my girlfriend is a vegetarian so i learned a lot about vegetables . 
baking is fun too . do you like to read ? i love fantasy books . 
those are great ! what about movies ? i could watch lord of the rings all day . 
i like some romance shows . they have to be realistic though . 
what do you do in your free time ? 
i have a pet turtle that i love ! his name is timothy 
not really . i like hanging out with people in person 
i understand . i love autumn , how about you ? 
definitely . my parents went away to bora bora for a while . 
what do you do for a living ? 
i am currently in school 
i guess i like to cook 
i am sure i will cook better things when i have more time 
sorry to hear that . i feel great just finished working out . 
i exercise daily and ride my horses . do you ride ? 
i am into horses , not much on computers , i grew up on a ranch . 
cool , i like music by john denver , we ranchers like the country stuff . 
computer novice here , but i garden ? i use my garden vegetables in my cooking . 
you sound very smart . i am a simple country girl who likes gardening and horses . 
i like to grow organic and fix meals for my family . do you cook ? 
i have never used a wok , but i love my crock pot ! 
i am doing ok , how about you ? 
that sounds like fun , did you get anything good ? 
that is neat , did you get anything else ? 
if you put those together you could make a great cosplay costume ! 
or that , haha . i love the beach , i get to go alot because i live in cali 
i would love to be a nurse some day 
i like people too , but i am being homeschooled so i do not know many 
hey i am fine how about yourself 
i know that feeling oh too well 
i am 20 years old 
i am a student actually 
i am thinking about that next , i just became a father recently 
my step dad has to use one , he is an amputee 
so do you have any animals 
doing well . how are you ? 
what is inspiring you ? i am from illinois . you ? 
i do ! but i would rather hang out with my robot best friend 
yeah , i am homeschooled so i made my own friend . his name is sparky 
what can i say ? i am amazing lol 
of course ! i love to dress up like a hobbit 
definitely . he likes to be e . t . though 
he does not fit in my bike basket 
tired from working the night shift . i like nursing , but it is tiring . 
what do you do for a living ? i been a nurse a long time . 
any other hobbies ? i like to cook . 
i adore anything with onions . do you eat healthy ? 
do you have family ? i do not get along with dad . 
where do you live ? i work in the city . 
do you like to read ? how old are you ? i am middle age . 
43 . do you have any favorites ? 
i am good . how are you ? 
i do not work , i am a full time student . what about you ? 
that is interesting . where do you live ? 
i live in the ocean . what is it like in the city ? 
it is possible i am both . 
i believe so , yes . i have a tail instead of feet , and long wavy hair . 
i am female . are you also ? 
sure ! i am starring in a play i wrote . can you sing or skate ? i can . 
hmmm . interesting . i model gloves and sing sappy jingles . i surf too . you surf ? 
wow ! i am leaving virginia to move to ny next year . i am from california . you ? 
okay . you would be a great voice over actor . what color are the fish ? 
great ! i wish i could sing better . you sing or model ? i was born in california . you ? 
get out ! a singing fisherman . ever heard of cate mesa ? 
sure ! what voice are you ? you skate ? imagine being a singing skating fisherman 
i am great , just sitting at work . how are you 
i am a real estate agent , how about you 
goodness that must be challenging . my children are still in kindergarten 
yes they do so far . so how do you feel about the environment 
no we must strive to do everything we can to save the planet 
oh every kind possible . also global warming alarms me 
well fair enough . so what are you passionate about 
hi my name is anne 
well i like to sing and sew clothes . i also love cats 
well , i own my own tiny home on wheels 
sometimes . most of my time goes to making my clothes 
that is cool . i cant stand high rise buildings 
yes i prefer alternative living 
that would be amazing i would love to travel 
i great just got a gig to play this weekend 
yeah , how about drama , i love those 
drama and romance goes together 
i understand , where are you from 
i live near the beach 
yeah california is warm most of the tiem 
oh yeah , well florida is warm right now tho 
it has been a crazy season for hurricane 
good evening . going good . there ? 
how old are you ? if you do not mind . 
i am 24 . i finished college in may . now looking for a job . 
what do you do now ? do you work ? 
what kind of online work do you do 
can you give me the website ? 
there says what is not allowed . 
i am alright . finished with homeschool . you ? 
i love nirvana , true story . i play bass in a metal band 
right on . i play everything in a side project . all metal though . lol 
i tattoo and write for a ghost writing company . you ? 
lol ! who cares , at least you work ! 
the police around here are not too nice . they got beat up a lot in high school 
in wisconsin . it is cold . they will come around eventually , but for now they are dicks 
lucky you . i have a lot of tattoos so they single me out 
yo ! i am great . eating sushi . what are you up to ? 
what was the surgery ? i would be bummed since i run every day . 
how long are you off the knee ? i like working out , so i hope soon . 
well , not too long . you can listen to rap and work the arms . 
no sardines for me . i eat vegan . but salad works . 
and beans . but my favorite is sushi . vegan sushi . 
cool ! i am going to go running now and listen to rap . 
it was nice talking to you too . 
it is a pretty chilly night 
i would say country since i have a big garden 
i love the gym , i go daily . 
i do not lol i grew up on a horse ranch 
nothing like a fresh home cooked meal especially garden fresh 
yea it is gmo there a lot 
well i like john denver 
yes he is a musician it is okay 
i am doing well . how about yourself ? 
what did you do today ? 
i took my dogs to the dog park . 
i have two . a husky and a pitbull . 
lol awesome . what did you study ? 
sweet . what do you do with your degree ? 
i work at a local animal shelter . i want to go to school to be a vet . 
thanks so much ! what do you like to do ? 
i am from all over . i just cannot stay still so i move a lot . 
yes , i am divorced and the kids live with my wife 
i am building a tiny house by myself . then i will probably carve something 
i drive my rv around so i do not have to be still 
nice . i enjoy tattoos too . 
i just move around a lot and visit my kids sometimes . 
make sure you do not get divorced so you can see them all the time 
what do you like to do for fun ? 
i love just to eat i do not like cooking . 
how many kids do you have ? 
god bless them . how old are they ? 
you have baby every three years . do you work ? 
that is very nice , my mom loves to cook and me no 
haha i am 24 i am not young at all . 
what does it mean that word ? 
haha how old are you ? 
i am doing pretty good . how about yourself ? 
that is good . i am 20 years old . how about you ? 
nah . not at all . lol . i wish i were older some days . 
yeah , no real complaints here except i wish to travel still . 
here and there , although i have never left tennessee . 
it is in the usa . it is a state . where are you from ? 
oh okay . you are north east of me then . a little bit of a drive . 
yes . born and raised . 
i quit high school and i run marathons . hi ! 
no i work at wendys in florida . do you have a dog ? 
what kind of doctor ? you exercise ? i am runner . 
i do not have pets either . you a lady doctor a man doctor ? 
you ever eat at wendys ? i went to washington school before i quit . 
i am the one who make them burgers good . i bet you know lots of stuff . 
yes ! they have to be all the size and stuff . what else you do ? 
hello , i work in my mommas restaurant . 
i read a lot , and go hiking with my dog . 
i have seven siblings , one brother and six sisters . are you an only child ? 
lucky you ! what do you do for a living ? 
that is not a bad job . i want to go to school next year . 
photography . i think i could make a decent living at it . 
yes it is , do you have any ? 
hi . i am doing pretty well . listening to heart , the band . you like music ? 
nice . my three daughters all like bluegrass . 
whoa . crazy stuff . my dad was a firefighter . he told me lots of crazy stories . 
no worries . i am patient . i get that from my mom . she was a teacher . 
really ? do they make you sick ? my ex makes me sick , lol . 
yeah . it is hard to forget him even though we are divorced . 
yes . time is supposed to heal all wounds . 
that takes talent ! i am not very coordinated . 
back at you ! bye for now . 
nice . i am in the south korean army . 
were you injured in action ? 
i am a medic , so most of the time there is not much action . 
i am serving for a couple years to help pay for college . 
that is cool . is it motorized ? 
did they make any more besides yours ? 
do you live in the usa ? 
it depends . personally , my favorite way to relax is to scroll through some clothes catalogs . 
definitely . i just love fashion , and i love clothes shopping . what about you ? 
i see . you are a writer , then ? 
i am a freshman in college . i really want to be a doctor though . 
ha , that sounds like quite a story . 
that makes sense . i am pretty boring . tell me more about yourself . 
what do you do for fun ? 
i like to drive around in my volkswagen , and usually end up at a clothing store . 
i am alright . except my feet , they are a little frog like . 
no . i dream of kids to make art with . 
i see . do you have any trash i could have for my art ? 
what kind of fish things do you have ? 
aquariums , those remind me of the cages where i work . 
is anything very tall , i am pretty short 
i stand right at five feet tall . 
wow , i hope your toes are all webbed like mine 
i am ok . practicing my british accent . i fake it to be cool and pick up guys . 
no . being alone makes me dread holidays . i was married 4 times , 3 times widowed . 
she was mysteriously murdered . had arsenic in her . 
not sure . i miss her . i am an eccentric doggie hair stylist . she used to help . 
so sorry ! i try to keep busy by staying involved collecting civil war antiques . 
my last wife tried killing me . i am allergic to mangoes and she fed me one . 
i am honestly afraid to get involved with people now . 
i can agree with that . 
how are you doing today 
i have a lot of homework to finish 
lyrics writing . . . i am a songwriter since the third grade 
what rhymes with orange . . . that is my nightmare right now 
oh i want to work for willie . . . the . . . willie . . . nelson 
all four of my family writes music . . . no i do not like country music ! 
but willie is a genre unto his own . . . he is timeless . . . a bard out of history 
my dad is only four feet tall and my mom is a genuine midget 
i am good and you ? do you have any pet ? 
what do you want to do when you have free time ? 
do you like to work for long hour ? do you have any pet ? 
i also couples cat and one dog . they are very friendly 
i like to reading and writing cooking books about diet 
do you like to ready diet book ? 
i have a business about how to lose weight fast . but you are in the army . . . 
what is in the army look like ? 
yes , i am going to school right now . are you in school ? 
that is cool , i only have two more years left . you ? 
nice , i am studying law . how about you ? 
i do not know i just want success . that is cool . any siblings ? 
i am an only child . that must be fun . 
that is pretty wild . what is your name ? 
that is a cool name charles . 
i am good , just got home . 
i am a model for a magazine . 
oh , where do you live ? 
originally nc . now i am in ny . 
i have never been surfing . 
i really like to sing . 
do you have any kids ? 
no . i do not think i want any . 
hi ! i am doing just great ! what do you do ? 
that is awesome i am an aspiring actress . where do you live ? 
yes mum ws mad when i told her i wanted to move to new york lol 
that is a shame . we still talk i am her baby girl 
have you ever tatooed a famous person ? 
that is so cool . right now i am model 
haha you are funny comedian 
lol i do not like the weather out here 
listening to hip hop music . 
i also live in texas . my father and brother also live here . 
are there any good vegan restaurants there ? 
i spend most of my time trying to stay fit . 
yes , i need to go to the gym later . 
do you listen to music at the gym ? 
does your family live close to you ? 
do they like rap music ? 
good . i love to party when i am not on the road performing gigs . 
yes , i grew up with 3 sisters of my own . you are the only child . 
how was your childhood ? i traveled with my dad in his semi . 
are you in school ? i never got the chance to finish high school . 
that is awesome . i guess your parents rubbed off on you . 
it is a healthy life to live . 
what is your favorite play ? 
cool , doing well . where do you work ? 
just sitting here watching lord of the rings for the 5th time this month 
what shift do you work in maternity ? could be some great fantasy come out that department ! 
books better than movies but a superb job here . how long are your shifts ? 
anything crazy happen there today ? baby ork or anything ? 
just got off work a day ago ? or are we in a time loop ? 
crazy ! nurses are like elves bringing in new life into the world to fight evil 
okay . love to see that . taking pics of them could turn out bad 
i am well how are you ? 
i just finished cooking i cook everyday 
no i use to dream of being married 
now i have a big family i always wanted 
i do not like animals , my kids do tho 
i have 9 my hubby is a business owner 
he owns a car lot 
i get a new car every 6 months 
i am good just reading about europe and you ? 
i wish i could knit a scarf for my big dog george ! what else do you like ? 
i do not cook much but i do love to eat , especially italian food 
my walking partner friend is vegan and she is so healthy . do you walk ? 
i am sorry to hear that . maybe you could read . i enjoy reading 
travel books . i want to travel to all of the continents 
i hope we both get to do that someday 
hey how are you today ? 
sounds good . i would not mind having some but i have to home make it . 
can they even eat that ? 
oh okay cool , i wish i had free time i never do . married life . 
not really , my husband does a lot when he has time . 
lol i want me some more babies , when i get the time . 
yes cooking an home cooked meals . yum . 
i would if i had time . i am too busy riding horses . i love it . 
me too ! although my left leg hurts every day because of all the activities i do . 
those would get all in my beard . i love having hair on my face . 
definitely ! hopefully i can retire soon and try different foods . 
that is cool . do you keep things to yourself ? i do instead of speaking my mind . 
thank you ! life will be so awesome after retirement ! 
oh , definitely ! i can enjoy life to the fullest ! 
hey , maybe ! i would definitely have more free time then . 
great ! how are you ? 
oh wow , i just got my degree as a registered nurse ! 
you are lucky to have a smart family . my sister keeps bugging me to settle down . 
vintage cars ? i spend my time at the mall . i love to buy clothes . 
i rather buy clothes than do anything else . i do not even have time to date . 
meh , marriage is overrated . i have a job and a great relationship with my sister . 
green . do you and your wife wear the same color scrubs ? 
oh , where do you like to run ? 
terrible , my father was just imprisoned for being a corrupt police officer . 
my only therapy i need is to run more . i am getting ready for a 10k 
i find myself running to band practice , and running around work all the time . 
i dig that . i am always playing a game when i work at pet smart 
please tell me you did not let it pee all over lane 3 
smart move . i like customers like you 
my dog can not hold her poop . it is disgusting , but she is so old and lovable . 
i am good . just put my boys to bed . how are you ? 
i actually like to listen to them while hiking . what do you do for fun ? 
i am from ohio so its usually pretty cold . i do not mind it 
cool . i drove there once in my honda . 
i am an accountant . i am looking for a new job . are you hiring ? 
i would like to stay in ohio so my boys can stay at the same school 
yeah . my ex gets them every other week so i try to make sure they feel secure 
5 and 7 . how old are you nephews ? 
i m doing ok how are you 
how do you like that so 
i am not really into tv by i am more on animal 
no pictures of my parents both of them and relieve nearby in the mountains 
i don t really know how to swim because of it but my cats and dogs 
does the train go visit my three cats and dogs that are too 
not really that how do you practice it 
green is my favorite because of the mountains 
i am good , how about you ? had dinner yet ? 
wow , me , too . mine was portuguese style . 
my mother was a nurse in the army and she taught me to cook . 
clams steamed with potatoes , sausage , and spices . 
ha ha , teenager food . mom taught me how to make my own clothing too , 
yes , and about how to take care of our environment , too . 
no not that but how to care for people , animals , etc , 
yes , i always adopt stray pets not buy them from a puppy mill . . 
hello well i love ice tea , country music , and love traveling hbu ? 
that is cool , my friends and i love to relax to bluegrass 
what do you compete in ? i compete in swimming 
that is cool , do you live in the states ? 
i live in toronto canada 
super cold ! cali sounds nice about right now ! 
ohhhh nooo i will send you the snow ! 
i do not have containers for the snow so i will send it in a paper envelope 
hi . nothing much . just busy with my latest quilting project . 
me too ! cross stitching is another favorite . what are your hobbies ? 
my dad served in the military , so i quilt blankets for vets . what do you do ? 
that takes a lot of work . nothing wrong with that . 
mostly spend my retirement years helping americans . baby boomer here . 
65 . just a kid . keeping up my parents legacy . proud american immigrants 
no . how about you ? have any pets ? 
sad , struggling to make ends meet from all my bills 
at least you can eat i can not afford to 
i would love that , thank you for that 
that is awesome you are so luckily 
you are so kind do you work in car sales as well ? 
i am available right now i have been out of school for two years now 
that sounds like a plan glad i met you 
do you have any pets i have a cat 
ok for living in the sea 
not seattle but ocean . i spend all my days at school . 
i like checking out the sea creatures . 
i like cats . but i like my tail as feet 
i have long wavy hair what about you ? 
bills cost money . after dinner i usually go out and play with my friends under the sea 
yes ! i must be . i love being me . board games are difficult to play under the sea 
yes ! , not to mention they all get wet . 
not so well with this cold in weather in ohio ? you 
i understand we all need breaks from work , i am an accountant . what do you do for fun 
that is good . well i love hiking here in ohio 
you are amazing . my two boys would love living by the ocean 
yes that is good . do not wind up like me single and alone 
raising two boys alone . trying to figure out life 
yes but i just keep my head high 
enough about me more about you 
not much . i went to an amusement park today , you ? 
i would love that too . i have never even left maryland 
i want to ride every roller coaster in america 
i just have to wait to be old enough . i am only 12 
i like pizza . that is italian , right ? 
weird . well there is a good icecream shop by my tae kwan do class 
no . but maybe one day . 
those are cool names . do they mean something to you ? 
that is awesome ! where are you planning to go ? 
fun stuff . . . i went to school to be a vet but i clean kennels now 
that would suck ! whats your favorite car music ? mine is simple plan 
interesting , i have been trying to date my boss niece who is the same age 
nope , she dropped out of school to work at the animal shelter 
she does , but she makes me so much less of a crabby person so it works 
i am sure that when you go to college you will have plenty to pick from 
that makes sense , hopefully my boss will not get too upset if i end up dating her 
hi , i am ok . i play soccer so run a lot 
i do . i am a metal head so listen to a lot of that . 
nirvana is ok , they did a lot for music . my favorite band is tool 
i have a cat , and they are more rock then metal 
lol . tht is how my old lady is . always have to bring home a stray 
i would play with them when people were at the store ! lol 
oh i see . yeah , i am not so good at following rules 
oh yeah ? i am a rebel . but that is how i was raised . lol 
mostly playing poker . what about you ? 
that is cool . do you have family ? i am married with three kids . 
my oldest is studying to become a doctor . hope you meet someone soon 
same . i stopped drinking five years ago so i do not get out often 
just for my health . have a nice day ! 
i would like to go to africa . what about you ? 
interesting . whats your favorite video game ? 
i mostly like poker games 
i love some luke bryant how about you ? 
he is a country star , ice tea and chilling on the porch 
yes still young trying hoping to make my own soon 
lol i bet , well my baby right now is my computer 
i do some coding you know , i do web design . awesome 
where abroad ? i am from canada 
i do not have any pet right now , what you study ? 
cool ! i am jewish too ! i play pop music , i am the lead singer of bb2 
never have time to watch tv , we are always on tour or throwing a party ! 
what ? my dad is awesome , i dropped out of school to travel with him . 
love nyc ! party all the time , my dad drove a semi , i helped . 
my sister does too ! ! i have 31 do you have siblings ? 
3 not 31 . . that would be scary ! sad 
totally , one just like me ! ! lol 
always , you should come a concert . vip all the way 
that is cool so did my husband . . i am a hippy and make my clothes 
nothing like the good ol us of a i love singing folk songs 
that is neat ! i just found a kitty we named her bubbles 
me too ! we have to keep our environment clean to help save them all 
very true . its advancing so quickly ! 
i remember those ! my mother had one in the army 
very cool ! the military offers great benefits . 
hello ! i am fine and you ? 
i live in connecticut . you ? 
i am looking for a job as i finished with college . you ? 
my major was for business administration . do you study ? 
wow that is really a tough thing to do . 
yes i love meat , but mostly i prefer chicken . 
yes they are very healthy . 
yes i always listen music i am addicted to it . do you like it ? 
hey ! i love attending football games . i always look forward to sundays because of it . 
cool . do you have any pets ? . i have three jack russell . 
five ? . wow . what do you do for a living ? . 
okay . i cut hair for living . what is your favorite food ? . 
nice . mine is cheese pizza . have you ever tried pho ? . 
cool . i love eating hot noodles on cold days especially during holidays like christmas . 
christmas is the best holiday for me . i am catholic . 
oh yes it is coming soon . 
hi . no dogs . i recently took in a stray cat . do you have any cat tips ? 
too bad . so what do you do for your job ? 
that is great . i am more of a wondering singer . folk songs are my favorite . 
i could teach you some . do you worry about the environment ? 
just thinking of all of those green house gases makes me feel like i cant breathe . 
i am committed to reusing fabric in the clothes i sew myself . 
thanks . i am so glad you agree . so what are your hobbies ? 
just 1 little maltese so easy to deal with over people 
i live in a big city i work for the shelter for animals as a cleaner 
no i do not like music ? 
cool , i am normally irritating or irritable 
i bet an customers , i like the boss niece smh 
i do not have much to say well do you like bands ? 
so ? you been boring to me based of how slow you type anyway 
goof night i do not care about those horses 
pretty good . listening to barry manila now 
do you have pets ? i have 2 dogs and a few cats 
oh so are you an american indian ? 
it is nice to be so into your heritage 
you need to be true to yourself . 
ha . do you like animals ? i have a lot of pets 
i have two dogs . lyle and lovette . i have cats too 
billy , bob , and thornton . they are so cute 
i play all of the music i listen to on the guitar 
what do you do for a living ? 
that is cool ! i am a batista 
lol i thought it was barista too but its not 
just playing the guitar . my brothers are my biggest fans 
just two . we live together in chicago . where do you live ? 
that is awesome ! the rest of my family lives back in arkansas 
i am a nurse , caring for people is what i love to do 
i enjoy riding my bike with my 2 dogs 
that is great , all 3 of my grandchildren are adults now 
i would love to go to a party , what time we leaving 
no i am 24 , i had kids at 5 years old 
lol , my 2 grown grandkids can help 
why ? but you guys are so much fun 
oh no , i can shake it with the best of them honey 
fine . just got back from the gym . love weightlifting . you ? 
nurses are amazing . they helped my brother a lot when he had a broken leg . 
it happened when my father and brother went skiing . i would rather eat sushi 
i make vegan pizza and sushi among other vegan dishes . 
i like xbox workout programs and youtube . hardly watch tv anymore 
although i do watch local news streaming via facebook . 
yes so many privacy issues with internet and facebook . i might do that too 
if you have a strong face to face community that is probably better . 
i am doing very well . looking at travel brochures . 
i do not , and yes . hopefully to italy . 
i have a huge malamute . he thinks he is a lap dog . 
i do not work , my husband does all of that . 
he is , i am very lucky . 
is that anywhere near caldwell ? 
i have a friend who lives there . 
lol . yeah . i never did figure out what that was all about . i do not visit . 
i am getting ready for bed , you ? 
i am a lead singer in a band myself 
i do not want to share that information . my parents would get mad 
my three sisters watch us play sometimes , and then we party 
everywhere . my dad drives a semi and i travel with him when i am not playing 
sometimes , yeah ! we love meat 
we are going on another trip soon , i will ! 
not really . i just jam with my band 
are all of your girls healthy ? i am a doctor . 
in addition to loving music i also love the cinema . 
i cant dance very well because i eat too many muffins 
i love scarface . i am pretty short so i can relate to tony montoya . 
of course i completed high school . i am a doctor . 
i have 3 sisters who all work as nurses at the mayo clinic . 
my brother passed away recently . he also ate too many muffins like myself . 
yes , actually my mother and father are famous hollywood actors . 
i am tired an single 
why is that ? i am a nurse 
it is okay , like clothes ? 
i understand that , i am excited . 
cool , that is what is up 
i do , when i have time . 
no never heard of it 
any kind of music with a good beat 
hello ! my name is ryan . you ? 
nice to meet you . i am well , and you ? 
likewise ! i am 21 . i am in college studying law . i have two more years to go . 
yes , how did you know ? ! 
it is awesome . do you have any siblings ? i do not . 
wow , that is a lot of sisters ! 
i do like pink floyd . i like all sorts of music except rap . 
no , i am too busy with school for pets . 
hello ! i am fine and you ? 
good to hear . do you work ? 
aww what is her or his name ? 
awww hehe you name like in the movie i love that movie 
ops how old are you if you do not mind to share it . 
yeah i am 24 did we chat before ? 
haha what was your major ? 
are you working as a teacher ? 
i am from upstate newyork how is wisconsin ? 
i like the snow what is your favorite snow activity that you like to do ? 
i never tried skiing maybe one day . how old are your brothers ? 
i have one sibling 17 a sister 
yes i love music and metallica is okay do u like korn ? 
i love other types of music like rap pop the 80s and 90s 
my bf loves country music i love faith hill an shania twain 
great , how are you doing ? 
i see , i just got done working at a grocery store myself 
of course ! got to have something to eat while i paint as a hobby 
that is awesome , i live in a big city so that is different 
that is cool though , do you like music ? 
i love taylor swift she has to be my favorite singer of all time 
definitely , i listen to it when playing with my two horses , do you have pets ? 
well that is not good , better go clean that up before it smells 
good . i am just painting a picture of my horses . 
no , just two horses which i love . 
you mean room for a horse , right ? 
i live in a city too but board them nearby . 
i do not but like them . i just have my horses . 
of course . i ride them all the time and spend time with them . 
i paint pictures of mine . that is my other hobby , painting . 
that is very cute . i love little ones . 
i am doing very well , thank you . i am sorry to hear that . 
why would you do that ? i am taking my sister shopping tomorrow . 
i am thinking buckle and macys . 
i am a nurse , single and no kids . she gets my money , lol 
oh wow . that is a lot of husbands . 
that would be awful . i am never getting married . 
that sounds fun . do you dye their hair crazy colors ? 
my cousin is one of those crazy owners . 
pretty great ! i am just eating a steak and potatoes 
they are really good . what is your favorite ? 
yummy . i drank a ton last week when i was at my friends wedding 
just a little bit but i am sure he will forgive me haha 
i am more of a graphic design artist actually . what do you write ? 
that is great . you should write one about my favorite band rush 
i have a few dogs . they are spoiled . eat my leftover meat 
hey ! 60 years old , currently an administrative assistant 
my names bill , not a vet , thanks for your service ! 
only as old as you feel . and no , just me and my oldies music 
hm , not my expertise , only hobby of mine is trying barbeque restaurants 
as long as its oldies i will dance to anything ! aha you ? 
my father and grandfather were both army 
i have never been there ! and formally married 
thank you ! 3 kids ! 2 boys 1 girl , you ? 
hello . i am great , how are you ? 
i bet ! i am practicing tae kwan do . i am a champion at it . 
sometimes ! my dad teaches it so i started young . i am only 12 . 
yes , a dog , you ? what state do you live in ? 
cool . i live in texas . i have never been to another state . how about you ? 
oh , wow . that is a lot of travelling ! do you do it for fun ? 
that is so awesome ! i like to eat . 
ah , that is too bad . that is cool though that you make cookbooks . 
hello . i just dropped my daughter off at school now i am drinking some tea . 
that sounds amazing . what type of music are you listening to ? 
i hope you have a wonderful time . please stay safe . 
i work from home and then pick my daughter up after school . 
i am a medical transcriptionist voice recognition editor . 
i am sure she would be proud . hard work being a nurse . 
i have 2 kids and i enjoy cooking . you ? 
i have never been camping . i very apprehensive about doing so . 
hello i just became a father . it my first child i am so excited . 
i use to . i went to school overseas for year . 
i do not sign but i love collecting model cars 
no apartment . i have a do named ginger she is a golden retriever 
no allergies . my favorite movie is titanic , i watched it ten times . 
ginger is definitely do or die . are you renting apartments ? 
yes ginger is a dog . she was extremely slow 
i am good i am eating pizza which is the best food 
i am also i have a big family 6 sisters and one brother 
i work for my moms restaurant part time what do you do ? 
cool i wish i could do that . i stutter when i get excited with things 
good idea . i like to read romances about paranormal things 
do you like to watch movies ? 
cool what kind of music do you like ? 
cool i like most music but usually country 
ok . if i could keep these cats from me . i do not like them . 
yes as a nurse for over 20 years . 
maybe you could find a house for dad . i do not like him in my home . 
yes in cozumel . he loves cats but hates my onions . 
i see . we just cannot agree on things . so dad needs to move . 
that is close to where the hospital is . 
i am a chef at least once a week . 
oh then you would like my onions . 
hello good i start my first in college next year 
my parent are forcing me to become a doctor 
since they brought me a volkswagen they been acting controlling 
cool . i love the mall and fashion 
what is a vintage 50 
wow i would love to see that it sounds cool 
hmm . i just turned 17 and in my last year of hs 
right i am not exactly looking forward to that 
hi , what are fur babies ? 
that is cool . i wish i could but my family takes up most of my time . 
i am married with kids , you ? 
yeah , i am lucky to have a great husband , he has his own business . 
he is allergic , but i do . 
well i am already married to him . sorry but he is taken . 
we have dogs , so he would not be that lonely . 
i am , but sadly southern california is on fire 
i cant get to the set with all this fire traffic 
ever skated new york ? i am moving there next year . 
yes ! it is for a singing job , but i am not that good 
i would love that just do not make me sing 
in la . i model and act when i cna get work 
i bet you could model for hollister big boi 
i am good , just got back to my apartment from culinary school . how are you ? 
i really like italian food . what do you do for a living ? 
i do , as long as there are no dogs there . they terrify me . 
i just never cared for them . i am more of a cat person . 
i am your stereotypical 30 something single gal with her cats and her books . haha 
do read a lot ? i love reading , i like classic romance novels the most . 
i have read a few true crime novels , i enjoyed them . 
i like watching forensic television shows ! they are so interesting . 
hello . i am well . how are you ? 
it is rainy and humid here in pennsylvania . 
i love music ; reggae is my favorite genre . 
you must love animals , being a veterinarian ! 
that is interesting . favorite animal to work with ? 
what is your favorite video game ? 
do you have a favorite hobby ? 
which is your favorite rock band ? 
i am good , just strumming the old banjo , you ? 
do you gamble when you play ? 
oh that is cool , do you have a job ? 
in high school ? or college ? 
hat is pretty cool . had a tail when i was born , i had it taken off 
i could i guess , i graduated 
a couple of years ago . i like to watch it 
on my tv mostly . you ? 
hi my name is lauren . i am well how are you ? i enjoy music , do you ? 
darn , i have never been a fan of country . i like pop rock and hip hop 
haha , i am from new jersey . i guess country is american . do you have siblings ? 
i have one brother , i am the baby of the family . 
oh wow youre young , i am 29 lol 
that sounds like fun . i am an animal care tech 
so do i . i have two cats but am constantly fostering all types of animals 
haha i try to be . have a great fabulous day 
i am well . how about you ? 
nice ! i just signed up for a jujitsu class ! so far it seems fun . 
wow ! that is amazing ! do you do anything else to help support your tae kwan do ? 
ok , i run to help keep my mind clear . 
at least 5 times a week . do you have any other hobbies ? work ? 
oh i hate them . xd 
yeah , scared of heights . i take my risks in card games both feet on the ground ! 
true , i have heard rollercoasters are safer than cars . still do not like them xd 
you know , busy with 3 daughters . you ? 
what kind of dog do you have ? we might get one 
i would enjoy a dalmatian . my ex kept the poodle in the divorce 
it s okay , my dad was a firefighter that s why i want a dalmatian 
i like to listen to music , what about you ? 
that sounds like fun , i wish our goldfish was more fun 
i m more of a steak person myself lol 
i could eat 10 lbs of beef jerky 
i am doing well thanks , and you ? 
what do you do for a job ? 
oh so you work with alot of cows ? 
ok that is good , cow smell pretty bad . 
do you have any hobbies ? i love to hike . 
do you like to read ? i read a whole ton of poetry . 
do you collect anything ? i have a whole book of weird stickers . 
same here i went for a hike today and read poetry at the library 
ouch does your but hurt also ? 
o ok well i rather try new food then ride a horse 
i do want to learn something new like drawing 
no what are your likes ? 
well then whare your dislikes lol 
i hate the snow and big crowds 
i do not think i understand you 
i am pretty good . just got the kids to bed 
how many kids do you have ? i have 2 
both of mine are girls . how old are you ? i am 34 
i work in real estate . i have been there for awhile 
nice . that is really impressive . 
they are both five years old . twins 
no i am single . we divorced after i graduated college 
i am sorry my left leg is in a lot of pain so i can not 
is helping people a hobby of yours ? mine is riding horses 
interesting i hope to retire soon from my current job 
that would be great i look forward to it 
if you could do anything in the world what would you do ? 
i would travel maybe go somewhere to see horses . do you do anything besides shop or nurse ? 
that is fun ! if you could have dinner with anyone dead or alive who would it be ? 
that is good , i body build to release stress . 
no , do you ? i eat a lot of meat to get protein but never martial arts 
yeah continue it , do you have any siblings ? i have a brother 
what does your mom do ? mines a secretary 
nice , my profession is a doctor , i enjoy it apart from body building 
of course , do you help people ? 
your in school ? wow good for you 
your talking to a doctor , i am super smart and wealthy 
hello , yes i do like horses 
i am from california . where do you live ? 
no i am a student . 
i like to tinker with robotics . what are your interests ? 
my favorite color is blue . so i dyed my hair that color . 
yes . my mom is actually my teacher . i go to school at home . 
yes i have . i have dyed my hair many colors . 
i live in america . have you ever been here ? 
most definitely . i want to travel the world . 
hello . i work in real estate been an agent for 12 years . 
good way to crunch numbers and bacon . 
my kindergarten kids keep me busy . 
enjoy your visit and safe travels . 
with gas prices like they are we all need cars with great mileage . 
did you go to college ? i went to university of mississippi . 
studied environmentalist as my major . 
hope your travels turn out pleasant visit for you . 
well i am conservative so sounds like a match to me 
no i just got my high school diploma and opened my owns shooting range 
wish i had continued school but i love what i do hunting , going to church , and driving 
o ok my family lives down from me and they build garages and farms 
that is great in what area ? 
i run my own business 
hunting ans shooting range 2 things i love 
what kind are your favorite 
i am in school studying law 
i am the only child of lawyer parents . hopefully i will be successful . 
i live in texas . i have two years left . then off i go 
swimming . you ? student life does not leave me much free time . 
are you currently in school ? 
was not sure if you travel alot . where are you studying ? 
do you like the outdoors ? hiking and such ? 
i really like to stay at home at watch a movie with my darling hubby . you ? 
aww do you collect teddy bears ? my sweet sweet husband buys me them 
so nice ! do they also like ice cream ? i love it ! 
cool ! so what do you do for fun ? 
i hate hiking . exercise in general is not my thing 
stay at home with super loving husband and relax in front of the tv 
i sure do with my awesome husband who provides for us 
do you have a family ? 
i am doing well . how about yourself ? 
there is not much hunting available here . i live on an island edris island . 
oh yeah ? the thing i love is dancing . 
that is too bad . do you live alone ? i live with my sister . 
ah . i also live with my dog ralph . are your parents still alive ? mine have passed away . 
that is good . are you young ? i am . i am a mixed race female . 
yes i am . i am a young girl . 
why can you not eat it ? 
i am good getting my kids ready for school 
5 and 7 its a great age 
that is for sure what do you like to do for fun 
i like to read outside its so relaxing especially while the kids are at school 
no my husband works really long hours so i take care of the kids 
its not i enjoy it 
i minivan cliche i know 
hi , its good you are part of your kids lives i did not know my mother . 
i move around a lot too went into the army right out of highschool . 
yeah , divorce is hard . any pets ? i always wanted a dog but i am allergic . 
no , its ok i probably got the colorblind gene from her . plus my dad was great . 
yes a few years ago . my name is jordan . 
just happy . no kids . do you sing i love to sing . 
awesome its a good way to blow of steam . 
i am well . i just got home from hairdresser school . 
try having to cook for two sons after school ! ha ha 
yes it is . what do you usually eat for breakfast ? 
it is 2 years . i love to eat granola for breakfast , every day . 
that is great . i have been saving up for some vintage 50s decorations lately . 
i also have exotic fish . 
i love tangs . they are so pretty 
i have 10 . it is a very large tank 
good . i just got back from playing racquetball . gonna put on some oldies . 
born here . gonna retire in 5 years if i can . 
i spend my spare time trying out barbeque restaurants . 
i did six years in the navy . 
i am sorry to hear that . how did he die ? 
ah . unfortunate . i am sorry to hear that . 
i am sorry to hear that it happened to you . 
it is ok . other than knitting , what do you do ? 
i am great how are you ? 
i do too ! what do you do for a living ? i works as a handyman . 
why so tired ? do you have a hobby ? i hunt and love restoring cars , especially classic . 
i understand . do you like seafood ? i do except shellfish , i break out in hives . 
no ! i hate them ! 
well because they scare me i guess . 
do you have any pets ? 
i have a dog that i adore ! 
no i am not . i graduated in may . you ? 
thank you . how old are you ? 
i am 24 , i was with my ex for 4 years , he is engaged with another one . 
i love traveling too . have you ever been to egypt or dubai ? 
i hope in future you will go lol i love dubai . 
when do you plan to get married . congratulation . 
that is nice . where are you from 
i am great and you ? 
that sucks . do you like sports ? 
yeah i played alot of sports in high school . 
i think i did everything . now i just watch it all on tv . 
i only watch sports to be honest . 
do you have any other hobbies ? 
what do you do for a job ? 
not much , just planning my wedding this winter . 
i tired just got home from the war museum 
oh wow ! how was your day furry 
no just the living even though my wife keeps dying 
kool web surfer , do you have dogs 
i have two dogs , who i practice styling hair 
i am 38 , i also sound like james bond 
maybe you can , where are you from 
i from florida , living the dream 
i am doing great how are you tonight ? 
i am just grading papers , i teach biology . 
what do you teach ? 
i should teach history because i travel a lot . 
no children yet . i have traveled to 6 countries . 
traveling is so wonderful plus i love to walk so it works . 
good night , have a wonderful night ! 
it will end now ! 
oh that is very nice ! what willl you buy there 
i like to go shopping with my two sons 
what do you eat for breakfast ? 
yes . one of them in high school and 1 of them in middle school . 
i enjoy to eat granola because it tastes good 
the oldest is going to san leandro high school 
no , he does not drive a vw . do you drive to school ? 
wow that is very nice ! he gives you that car ? 
hi i am david . i love to play poker and run . 
what do you do for a living ? 
i am just going to college for now . 
i live in tennessee and i am majoring in education to become a teacher . 
i would prefer to teach elementary education . 
i hope so . so do you like to listen to music ? 
i enjoy a lot of pop and rock . my favorite is ed sheeran 
cool . those are some of my favorites as well . 
i love tupac . he is great to listen to while weightlifting . 
that sounds bold . you remind me of theodore roosevelt . who do you look up to ? 
i used to act out his movies at home with my sister . 
we should get together and act . we could pretend to rescue rabbits for my blog . 
maybe i have seen it . my sister helps me distinguish red from green . 
oh , coincidence ! it is weird looking at a picture of tim mcgraw differently than others . 
he is a country singer , but i bet he would write a great blog . 
do you have an online presence ? do you compete ? 
i am good . just got back from a run . 
do you have any kids ? 
i have two boys , 2 and 4 . 
what do you do for a living ? 
oh cool ! i am actually a pediatrician ! 
do you have any hobbies ? 
i love anything to do with vintage cars . 
i also like running and reading in my spare time . 
well i am a nurse for the elderly , what do you do ? 
what a noble profession . good for you . my son wants to teach 
much older than that ! i have 6 grandkids ! 
you might be surprised . all these kids keep be young 
i have a bicycle . but i am not out playing football 
well have a good time . it is good to be with people 
well have a great time tonight ! 
i am going to snuggle up with my dogs and a good book 
good , how are you ? i just finished reading a new drama book 
at a club in downtown miami . i just moved here from california 
just in my video games lol what about you ? 
where do you work at ? 
haha ! do you cook at all ? 
oh that makes sense . i am such a wimp . never lift anything heavier than guitar 
are you a personal trainer ? 
hello i am good , and yes i do would rather have them than kids tho 
lol wow can they not cook for themselves ? 
oh ok well than good thing that have you . 
who is that ? i am a city girl with no life 
aw i see . i model and was to act someday 
not really still pretty new to the scene 
i have not made it that far yet i mean on tv 
yes i do i will keep at it for sure 
hello , i am very well , thank you . 
my dog is in my lap , so i am not the fastest tonight either . 
i am positive my girlfriend would disagree . 
he is max , my girlfriend named him . 
i am in law school , are you still attending ? 
i love to surf as well , max sometimes rides with me . 
does he have a maclaren ? i have always wanted one of those . 
she drives a mustang , i drive a raptor . 
hi how are you doing my friend i am okay thank you . 
i am employed at pet smart working with pets and selling products . 
i love working as a musician too i live in new jersey . 
cool hiking is fun . no i do not hike . i am a runner i love to run . 
yes my most liked music band is nirvana , what is yours ? 
i know that is alright i love to cook i am a great cook . 
i wished i could my food is so tasty it is the best . 
hello , i am doing great . how are you doing ? 
do you like playing games ? 
ah , are you a doctor ? 
ah nice . do you have a lot of customers ? i hope not . 
i grew up in wisconsin and we used to have a lot of pets with a cold . 
what is your favorite animal ? 
what other hobbies do you have ? instead of games . 
doing well . how about you ? 
yes . part time as a free lance writer and part time at a coffee shop . you ? 
that is a busy schedule i am sure . i love speculative fiction fantasy especially . 
i always manage to lose . that is why i stick to movie marathons . 
lord of the rings is the best . you must play cards , huh ? 
go you ! i would lose all my money playing you . 
i will keep that in mind . i am busy working on my next fantasy novel right now . 
a flowery glen of dwarf people . 
good and how are you today ? 
what kind of practice do you do ? 
very cool . i am a real estate agent . 
yes , lots . i have two kids in kindergarten so i am busy ! 
do you have any kids ? 
ha ! well then good . i am 34 . 
lol , not really looking right now . 
hi . good . just quilting tonight . tomorrow night i will cross stitch . 
that is great ! education here is great . my parents taught me to value it . 
my parents came here from across the ocean . proud immigrants . 
wow . you have a tail ? my hair is average . baby boomer hair style . 
i see . i have never seen a mermaid before . 
that would be kind of nifty . 
a few hours . you know i am as proud of my dad as you are your fins . 
he served in the war . vets are so courageous . 
hello , i am a sports fan . 
i especially like watching soccer games . how about you ? 
i am sure you went to college i did also . 
i thought so , i will be getting married soon . how about you ? 
gotcha , nothing wrong with that . i am just a big sports fan i played in high school . 
awesome ! all kinds but soccer was my favorite . what job did your mom have ? 
nope , none . that is a pretty cool job . 
that is cool . i am looking forward to getting married . 
i am doing ok how about you 
you been to the arctic region 
well are they cleaning is all been crazy and i plan to go there explore 
not married and i m teaching geology before but i switched to hunting 
i go for polar bear for food 
fish i ice them usually 
under like working in there are you having fun 
i tried to find those yes exploder s to return 
great , just got home from work . how are you ? 
i work at a help desk . so you work with homeless teens ? 
i did , i eat dinner while watching the news . what are you cooking ? 
is that not your favorite food ? 
i like to eat chinese and italian 
oh how fun ! do you have children or pets ? 
no , no pets or husband . i work a lot 
i agree . do you sing in any gigs ? 
i am well . and yourself ? 
nice . i just finished a huge glass of iced tea 
i do . i love country also 
i grew up on it , or i probably would not either 
i cant imagine a world that does not have music in it 
i believe it . do you like doing stuff on the computer ? 
i like things like coding for web design 
i do not yet . i am still just a young adult 
hi , how are you , what type of books do you like ? 
drama is my type of books , on weekends i play instruments 
running is hard on my foot so i play video games 
i play the piano , jordan is my name by the way , do you like animals ? 
can you still afford a nice pair of running shoes ? i have little savings . 
i work as a veterinarian , little money , but i have good running shoes . 
where do you live ? are you in the city ? 
do your parents take care of you ? 
i am tired i used to do military work 
unfortunately i got a leg blown off i am 75 
no i get tired so fast i am glad i do not 
do you drive ? i have to get around by wheelchair 
woah your super fancy are u rich 
all my military money i brought a fancy house 
california i used to live in philadelphia 
california . in love with the weather 
i like music to relax . but mostly to read 
what do you like to read ? i like biographies 
i like to cook . it is a challenge to cook something my son will eat 
i guess that means a lot pizza 
that usually requires bribing my son with extra screen time 
well i have learned to pick my battles 
ha . yeah with my husband i bribe him with extra dessert 
i am surprised he needed to be bribed . mine loves old cars 
hey marie . i am well thank you . how old are you ? 
cool . i am just a girl . i am 12 years old . 
so you cannot tell the color of my rollercoasters ? i love them ! 
cool . i do tae kwan do . i am a champion ! 
we can train together . my dad is a tae kwan do instructor . 
i live in ohio but i have never been out of state . 
i only know he was the president of the united states . 
tired , but good . where are u at 
i am in the arctic . i was a geology teacher in arizona but the ice called me 
haha i flew . . . on a plane . i am looking for lost explorers , hoping to return them thome 
are u kind ? or someone i need to look out for 
wow . i am childless , but love to teach my nephews to hunt for polar bears 
i think they actually prefer pepsi . they make for some tasty meals 
white . the color of icecaps . u ? 
hi , i am ok , how are you ? 
i like politics . i am conservative 
i like to read classics . i also like to travel to europe . 
what subject do you teach ? 
yes , i have two children . how about you ? 
that is very good . i think families are very important ! 
i am concerned about my mom . she has a surgery next week . 
she needs to remove ovarian cancer . i am hoping and praying she will be ok 
hi there ! i am well , and you ? 
ooh what sort of test ? i want to go to school to be a chef 
very cool . do you like books ? i love romance ones . . . movies too 
oh cool ! whats your favorite place to travel ? 
oh i am so scared of dogs ! what kind do you have ? 
is your place big ? i have an apartment that i rent 
eh , its good enough for me ! i am single so i do not need a lot 
whoa ! that is freaky ! how is that done ? 
you like books huh ? i actually sell paranormal books ? 
sweet . maybe you can trade food for books . do you cater to omnivores ? 
you sound very interesting ! do you need a graphic designer ? its my hobby . 
you must like pizza as much as i like rush . you know ? the band ? 
awww man ! get some pizza , play some rush ! ! we should hang out sometime . 
what music do you like ? 
well , does your mom play any music at her restaurant ? 
hello , how are you tonight ? i have a cat , do you have pets ? 
i only have one , my kindergarteners are a handful and then some . 
i am , i graduated two years ago . 
this is hard work too , and the pay is not great . i have roommates . 
that sounds great , i love comicon 
my favorite is captain america , i too would start a civil war over bucky . 
the winter soldier is my man . 
i adored paul walker . the fast and the furious movies were my favorite . 
hi ! i am well . just tired after a big run this afternoon . 
i ran 5 miles . how much weight can you lift ? 
that is incredible . what else do you like to do ? 
oh my . i dislike meat and i think it is cruel to eat animals . 
i am a doctor as well . i work with children . what is your specialty ? 
what made you want to work in cardiology ? 
does you mom have heart problems then ? 
i like to relax by listening to jazz music . do you listen to music ? 
hi there i am great how are you doing ? 
right now i am in the military to help me route my anger . 
i would like killing me those who wanna bring harm to my nation 
oh so you get to see all those annoying animals 
what kind of music do you guys play ? 
i like them good music . i like metal but tends to feed my anger 
we do that for fun around here keeps us alert and ready 
just a little . do you have kids ? 
hey , i am doing good . how about you ? 
cool , never watched that show . i am too busy cooking delicious food ! 
i do , but i try not to make it because i am on a diet . 
everybody loves pizza ! even my lovely cat will nibble at the cheese . 
my husband would eat it , but he is on the nightshift . i just do days . 
yes , we do not see each other much until the weekend . 
it is very hard . hopefully my husband can find a regular job some day . 
yes , well i have to go check on my food in the kitchen ! 
model cars is my favorite hobby . 
i do too but only sometimes , brownies are great though 
oh really , i love dogs . i have a 10 year old golden retriever . 
her name is ginger , she is the sweetest dog . 
not anymore , i just had my first child . 
oh i am so sorry to hear 
do you have a favorite movie ? mine is titanic i have seen it ten times 
. . . just got home from work in nursing . i helped deliver triplets tonight ! first time ! 
i only helped deliver them . am okay . . . a gym goer 3 times a week . you ? 
that is really good exercise moderation is best . like me i just drink water . . no alcohol 
that is healthy . live by yourself or do you have a family ? 
sounds like you are single maybe . i am and find it okay for now . 
i hear you . yes , i am happy to be single . my best friend has 5 children ! 
me too ! my parents had 8 . i am eldest daughter , number 4 from top 
i really do , but work prevents it for now . i would love to see ireland , france 
well i live in the gym 
i love animals too 2 basset hounds 
sweet i would be that way too we love pits here too 
what is your favorite restaurant ? yes they were called nanny dogs 
good stuff veggie burritos for me 
yep garbanzos yummy 
i am a fitness instructor 
usually after a long day , i prefer a nice glass of wine . 
i guess it is a lot stronger . 
a carnie ? not sure what that is . i am at home a lot . even for school 
do you like it ? do you get to dress up ? 
what type of writing ? i like to read comic books . 
i like to dress up like the characters . i dyed my hair too . 
do you ever dress up as one of your characters ? 
i think it is fun to dress up and be someone else for a little bit 
i am published author and scared of dogs . you ? 
i drink watered scotch . you ? 
what two positions do you work ? 
and the other position is what ? 
great ! i have a book out entitled 100 do not do it stories . 
the joker is my fave superhero . 
i will be your first customer . 
hello how are you today 
me too my dream is to make it in new york in show biz 
i sing and act . i want to be on broadway one day 
i have to be single with no kids to make this dream 
well i cant have a husband that do not support me 
so i will be a big star one day 
wow i honor him deeply 
i love him too is he married ? 
hi how are you doing i am great yes british accents are sexy . 
oh sorry to hear that i like going out with my friends . 
that sounds cool . i like to listen to rap music . 
great name for the pet i am in love with playing sports and being active . 
good job running is healthy i am a 50 year old woman . 
yes sweetie you are young so enjoy every moment of your life . 
cool that will be enjoying i am going to collage and study for education . 
good for you sweetie good luck keep up the good work . 
hello , i am reading a novel . 
i am studying to be a chef . my romance novel is about two cooks ! 
we would get along since i like to bake ! 
you are funny ! how short are you ? 
i am only five feet and five inches , so i am short too . are you married ? 
i do not like dogs . i was attacked when i was a little girl . 
well , if we choose to be friends , i could try to meet him 
that sounds good . do you have a big house ? i live in a small apartment . 
hi i am fine and you how are you doing ? 
i love pasta and i like to run also read too 
i wished i could i like vintage cars they are great 
yes i am eating vanilla now i was married and had three children . 
my favorite is listening to love songs and jazz , yes like movies . 
yes i want to be a pediatrician but i am disabled now . 
people seem to ask me that much i was working and then got disabled . 
doing good . just hanging out with my brothers , you ? 
oh are you a parent ? 
nope . i live with my two brothers . we all love metallica 
so you want to be a hair stylist ? 
i am a consultant . for business management 
lol that was awesome ! no pets though no time 
nice . i guess fish would not take up much time 
that is unique . i like you 
i am jess . how are you doing ? 
i like singing ! what about you ? 
oh that is cool . are you close with your family ? 
wow ! do you have a favorite color ? 
no , i am actually colorblind 
i have heard great things about blue 
i am 25 , how about you ? 
after highschool , i went into the army for a while 
i am great how are you doing ? ! 
oh no ! i remember those days 
interesting . i studied theater ! 
its the american dream . debt . haha 
not at this time . currently on maternity leave . how about yourself ? 
of course ! no more fun p only kiddo friendly now 
a little girl thankfully . . boys are gross lol jk 
thank you ! ! what do you do for fun besides studying ? 
i am doing alright how are you ? 
i just finished eating dinner with my family . 
i would rather look at my fish tank by myself . 
i am 67 years old . i have been through a lot . 
i actually live under the ocean lol . 
do you live near the ocean ? 
that is not bad . i love looking for star fish with friends . 
i would never move away . 
not too bad , eating a ribeye at the moment 
i love it almost as much as the sound system i have in my truck 
i prefer hiking and camping , cardio at the gym is so boring 
you should get into healthcare like my mom , lots of nice ladies 
what ? ! how are you single , you should eat more meat lad . 
cannot blame you there . i know the feeling every time i take a camping trip 
i drink exclusively shakes made from muscle milk and bull shark testosterone . 
hi . i really do not want to talk 
my cats are acting weird and i am having writers block 
no i think they are just hungry 
yes i do . what do you do for a living 
that sounds yummy and sweet 
i love to write romance books 
just a few . . . like 10 or 15 
i think you would find them offensive . you seem verry religous 
i am going to the zoo tommorow . 
i also have love teddy bears and collect them . 
that sounds so cool . do you do any volunteer work ? 
i prefer pancakes and whip cream 
what is your favorite color ? 
my favorite is green . i love plants . 
nature is extraordinary . i love to volunteer . 
i am doing well , how are you ? 
i also have a dog named juan . he is my hunting dog . we like to hunt . 
anything but shellfish . i am allergic . mostly we hunt ducks . 
that is a good height for bow hunting . where do you work ? 
i work with a property rental company 
i enjoy it very much . i am somewhat of a handyman in my spare time . 
what is your favorite movie ? 
anything that is funny and will make me laugh . 
i am good but missing my parents on the 2 year anniversary of their death 
thank you . i manage by writing . what do you like to do ? 
that is interesting . i have a friend from mit that plays racquetball 
i did . i am an engineer . what do you do ? 
impressive . you must be busy . do you have a family ? 
that sounds nice . maybe i will have a family someday 
i am so busy these days writing science fiction and working 
i do i plan to skip school 
i would love to , do they have any fashion shows on as well 
that is awesome i would love to do that 
i love makeovers you are now my best friend 
i love puppies the only thing i have is a volkswagen beetle 
it is alright not as cool as puppies but it just gets me around 
you must really love pizza 
i made a pizza flavored shirt in my fashion class 
hey ! i am great , thanks for asking . how are you ? 
oh that does sound rough , i want to do fashion . 
that sounds awesome ! that is what i want to do . fashion design . 
i have never listened to them . i prefered pop growing up . 
ah . i see . my best friend stole my boyfriend . . . 
its no big deal . its in the past . it was high school . 
i am too ! i went through a bad phase then . . . i was even arrested 
stealing . i tried to get my parents attention 
yes i have a hunting dog . 
oh nice what do you do ? 
ok i can sell you a house on a mountain . 
depends if you want a remote location with no neighbors or some neighbors . 
it be about a million for your house on a mountain 
animals over people are sometimes best . 
i only dislike shellfish 
that be great living out alone in the wild 
hello , i am doing great today what about you ? 
i am thinking about riding my bike tomorrow after work . 
i volunteered today at the homeless shelter . i like helping others . 
wow , just 2 years ago , i have grown children that have completed college 
i hear it rains a lot out there 
two dogs and one cat in the house keep me busy 
how about another one , i will give you mine 
i work at a nursing home tried to give it away there 
i am good . you ? what do you do for a living ? 
i used to by a geology teacher . now , i go arctic exploring . ice is interesting . 
i am in search for lost explorers . i want to help them to go home . 
north pole . it is where i learn to ice fish and hunt polar bears to eat . 
i have a husky . he is my true companion in the harsh cold weather . 
i really miss a bowl of spaghetti and meatballs . yours ? 
yes , i have . it is pretty tasty . 
where is your country ? where are you from ? 
nice to meet you doug . i am lucy 
i am a secretary at an office . nothing too exciting 
that is awesome . i love animals 
that is a beautiful name for an animal 
i do think . i went to grace college last year 
haha yes i am . what a small world we live in ! 
did you do any sports at grace ? i was on the soccer team 
hi there ! do you live alone ? 
it is hard to enjoy when there is no one to share it with . 
it is nice to have a hobby like that , i like to sing in a choir . 
if i sing badly , my friends drown my voice out , haha ! 
not really . i spend my free time playing softball . and eating ! 
it is so fun ! i used to do taekwondo too , since i was very small . 
do you like to go out to eat ? 
what is your favorite cuisine ? 
hello , so i hear ! i am retiring in five years and will see for myself . 
among other places . then , international travel . 
i like oldies and the hot tub . 
i am anxiously awaiting sunday for the walking dead 
i do , i am a closet tv junkie 
i love cookies and brownies . 
racquetball and trying new restaurants , you ? 
do you surf ? i love to surf . 
dave , 40 . college biology professor 
cool , i grow my own vegetables in my garden 
i own one here and one in europe . i travel often 
yes green peas . i grow a lot of those 
no , i am a aquarium type of guy 
i am single as well 
i do alright . not gordon ramsey good 
hi . wow . that is quite an entrance . i say god . 
not as much as i should . i read as much as i can about the arctic . 
we can learn a lot from it . i used to teach but now i explore . you ? 
cool . i take a more active role . i study polar bears and how they hunt . 
did you know that inuits learned how to ice fish by watching the bears ? 
they believe that the earth is like its own god . what would you say to that ? 
interesting . so , are you aligned with a specific religion ? 
tolerate is an interesting word . do you have your own church ? 
hi there i teach biology college 
that i am sure keeps you busy . do you get to travel ? 
i see that is a noble cause i love traveling 
i know how that is i like walking you 
lol i do a lot of gardening love fresh fruits and veggies 
that is awesome . hard work but rewarding 
aw yes another good one to grow 
lol still have to deal with idiots tho 
perhaps you can help me . i recently quit high school 
no i am an independent 
that is great . i live alone in a low income apartment . 
you are a cook ? are you famous ? 
i am not much of a reader but i do love to run 
yes i do . rock music gets me pumped . 
i am single with no kids . i do not even have animals . 
am well just at the beach sun warming 
yes am a personal secretary to mr . gregor 
oklahoma is my place of birth 
no , may be will visit you but is it good ? 
violent always or when you get angry ? 
yes but all people act weird when they get angry 
now that you realized it , i know you will change and live it 
i feel fat today actually 
i am just a great cook so eating too much makes me not happy with my weight 
we eat cats in my country after the gym . i love them ! so do my three kids . 
my family and i live in antarctica , so cat is a delicacy 
you want to know what is scary ? me stepping on the scale 
i weigh about 6 . 5 penguins . that is our number system here . 
one of my three children work in a warehouse . it is a shipping company 
they import cats and export penguins 
i am fine . i am sore from physical training . 
i am in the army . 
yeah , we work out every day , so staying in shape is no problem . 
did they get to travel much ? 
i am in south korea right now . it is a very tense area politically . 
being in the army helps me take out my frustrations in a positive way . 
are you close to your family ? 
my family was always together . we had big parties in puerto rico . 
i do not . i work in an animal shelter tho . i am the cleaner there . 
i love dogs . i like them better than humans at times . 
you like music ? simple plan is my fav . band . 
no i have not . what genre are they ? 
very cool . metal is cool . 
i watch a lot of tv . 
i have not watched that . its on after macgyver . 
ah . i do not have netflix . 
i just woke up . i am a real estate agent . 
you have a tail ? i have two kids in kindergarten . 
i live in florida . are you a mermaid ? 
i see . i hate that people are polluting the oceans so much . 
i am always reading about foreclosed properties . 
yes , i have been doing it for 12 years . i get excited about making deals . 
yes , on my best deal i flipped some apartments for 2 million dollars . 
i met alot of shy people when i studied abroad it is ok 
i studied in norway , but i gave it up to chase my dream of making model cars 
i had to stop because i just became a father . . . . to 9 puppies by my dog ginger 
maybe . it would cost 1000 trying to recreate the titanic 
can she remake jack . i have seen it 10 times 
no ! jack from titanic . i want to use the puppy money to remake it 
i know . i hate her for that 
me too ! where are you from ? 
not me ! ! i like to be alone ! 
that is cool ! i am a writer ! where do you live ? 
i write stories for work ! romance usually ! 
i do ! but i live on an island so there are not many stores around ! 
yep ! i am single too ! wish i had a husband though . 
what else do you like to do ? 
hi there . i work on wall street as a stock broker . 
stock broker . i love to cook especially parmigiana , mostly eggplant . 
no . parents moved to australia and live with my sister and brother . 
nice . have any pets ? charlie is my labradors name . 
ok . do you have any hobbies ? 
what kind of music ? i do not sing very well . 
sweet . sounds like alot of fun . my sister loves country music . 
i am doing well , how are you ? 
too bad you should relax with a vintage scotch , like me . 
maybe you have read one of my stories i am a successful writer . 
what sorts of things do you do with your kids ? 
no have not had that joy . what else do you do ? 
sounds nice , although i bet you have to watch a lot of kid friendly movies . 
yes , full time . i used to work at a fair . 
great and how are you ? 
yes i fix hair , how about you 
cool . i love christmas , what is your favorite holiday 
awesome ! ! ! i love all the decorations 
everything green , what is yours 
we could totally be friends lol 
my name is jamie , yours ? 
i love l u c y lol 
good , just got home from the grocery store where i work 
i have a farm with two horses and we all three enjoy apples ! ! 
more healthy ! in my spare time i paint and love it 
so do you have a favorite singer ? mine is taylor swift 
he is was very good . i like him too 
no i do not drink any alcohol 
i prefer comedies and you ? 
living in a large city i have a good choice of theaters to attend 
i am excited that my girls finally all went to sleep so i can relax 
maybe just smile and give a good tip if that happens 
were you born in the late was like i was ? 
i do not know what i mean either . i know i love heart though 
you should start since you love it so much . 
oh nice . i wonder if my 3 girls would ever go into business with me 
haha . do they like heart songs ? heart is the best band 
my ex husband already has a pizza parlor so probably not 
that is awesome ! i have traveled and gone to school faraway too ! 
must not be too introverted to talk to me ! new zealand . 
a writer ? me too ! but i got a job in advertising last year . 
i do not talk to a lot of people either . still have my best friend from kindergarten . 
i write a lot about my faith . i am jewish . advertising . that is not interesting . 
not a lot of us in north dakota as a kid either . do you have a faith ? 
no , most of my writings are personal . you must have some books out there though ? 
great ! how are you ? 
heart is my favorite band , but i like some country too . 
i am a mom to three kids so whatever i need to . you 
my girls want a pet rabbit soon , any advice ? 
how did you start body building ? that is quite impressive too 
anne or nancy wilson . strong women all the way ! 
neat . my oldest helps with her sisters a lot since the divorce it is just us 
long enough for three kids . are you married ? 
i love teaching kindergarten ! 
um . what kind of books do you like to read ? 
i do not dance , but i do swim every day . i love fitness , you ? 
what strangely direct questions ! no . 
as i said . . . i am a kindergarten teacher . 
yes . i feel like every classroom has that now days 
the first thing i said was i love teaching kindergarten . 
hello . i am single currently . 
sure . where are you from ? 
i live in pennsylvania . i am planning to apply to medical school . 
how old are you , anyway ? 
i am 25 years old . 
i am undecided . not anytime soon . 
why not ? is there a specific reason ? 
great . and how are you doing 
having just one leg , i have to be good at multi tasking 
sorry to hear that . my wheel chair is super fast 
i knew someone with webbed feet in the military 
i feel just too old some days 
i am in my sixties but feel older some days 
well thanks . i feel like it though since i get tired so quickly 
what else do you do for fun 
i am good . just finished eating some pizza . 
come to my moms restaurant ! she makes great pizza . 
oh . i work in my moms restaurant . 
i listen to about anything , you ? 
oh . what do you like to do for fun ? 
oh ! i do not like cold . i like reading . 
what type of books do you like ? 
i love paranormal romance books . 
i for sure read an speak english 
i love pork , especially bacon . 
really did not know lol , like bugs ? they are nasty . 
what do you do for a living ? i engineer 
cool what ever it takes for you 
now me i make money all day 
yes it is i love it i need it 
yes well goodnight to you i am tired 
i am doing great ! just eating dinner . 
wow , i bet they look nice . 
i love sports too ! i enjoy camping . 
that is good . i have to drive my mom to work tomorrow . 
i like the ocean . i like camping and hiking better . 
my mom loves gardening . i help her sometimes . 
she grows carrots . i would rather listen to music in my truck . 
because the stereo system is really good ! 
hi . i am felicia . i am a science teacher and love travel . 
spanish and italian . what do you do ? 
travel much ? i visited 6 countries so far . 
very nice . i was working in my garden . its big . i am a vegetarian 
i have guppies and they had babies today ! wanna see a pic ? 
oh ok . well it was nice to chat with you . have a nice evening 
would you like to teach me how to quilt ? 
absolutely . is next weekend good for you ? 
okay ; but not affluent . i work at a factory for low pay despite going to ohio st . 
i am scared of water ! except when i garden to feed my plants . 
interesting . what is your favorite color ? 
no way ! i love purple ! where did you go to college . i am a proud buckeye . 
was he an accident or are you a man of the good lord ? 
crack is wack . but again , factory work is hard . i resort to some vices . 
amen brother . i work out 5x week . actually did an iron man . 
have fun ! talk to you later ! 
okay , is this a speed dating thing ? 
gotcha . i had to have a tail removed when i was born . 
do you like living that life style ? 
is that still a thing ? wow . 
that really brings back memories . 
i have not been on that in years . 
is it still the same old costumes and skins ? 
i bet they have . i always thought it was too slow . 
hi , just studying for my college exam . hows it going 
what kind of music do you like to listen to ? 
i love playing sports so i am studying in the field of sports medicine . 
what do you do on the weekends ? 
what kind of horse do you have ? i hike . 
i am 22 how old are you ? 
i grew up with morgans . i love horses . 
i sew and try to garden . do you have kids ? 
well that sounds nice . i am well . 
i visited michigan this past summer . 
i am religious , but i am christian . 
that is sweet . do you play sports ? 
i play racquetball and listen to the oldies . 
i do like movies , and i hope to watch many when i retire . 
i love to eat ! candy is delicious and chicken ! 
junk is tasty , i like peanut butter cups . 
hi . i am doing well . how about you ? 
i am self employed . a free lance writer . 
i love it . it lets me weave in stories about my old job at the carnival . 
not much of a foodie . now , cold scotch on the rocks . bliss . what is yours ? 
yum . that sounds good . how about movies ? 
batman was fabulous in theaters . 
no . i am allergic to everything but gold fish . do you have pets ? 
love it . sounds like a pet bird . 
just stressed out about ed sheeran , i am a huge fan of his 
he will lose his leg , i am still learning jujitsu so , not sure what happened to him 
i understand when i am stressed out like this i just need to run to relieve it . 
cool sound like you might fit into my weekly poker game , its my favorite card game . 
i could use the money for college , i am trying to become a teacher . 
sometimes i wonder , how does horse flesh taste ? 
are you sure you will not join my poker game ? 
i am doing great . just thinking about my parents . they died years ago 
i am really sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ? 
terrific . my favorite thing to do is dance . 
where do you live ? i am from edris island . 
my sister lives with me . i also have a dog . 
it is ! what do you look like ? 
she is really great . she is an older sister . i am very young . 
i actually was not able to get an elk tag this season . 
i might go and see metallica with the money instead . 
what kind of opportunity do you have ? 
i would be willing to help ! i also have management experience from my job . 
nope , i am not allergic to anything ! you ? 
i love doing anything outside , especially in the snow ! what about you ? 
those are pretty cool hobbies ! do you have any siblings ? 
yeah , i have two younger brothers ! 
i drive a big rig for work so i am really all over the country 
i hate being at home . probably why i have 7 kids in 7 states 
like i said , 7 kids from 7 different women . spread across the country 
ah age is just a number . what do you do for fun ? 
i read murder mysteries and try not to think about childhood on the farm 
is it blue fur ? that would be cool . its my favorite color 
so where exactly are you furry ? like all over ? 
i am not furry at all haha 
i am well . how are you 
i sing in a popular band here in town . you ? 
interesting . you must be smart 
well one of my three sisters does too and she is super smart 
you must have a steady hand 
i sometimes regret not going back to high school 
just me . i wish sometimes i had siblings 
i bet . i envy those who are lucky enough to have them 
hey i am fine how about you 
oh what major are you going for 
oh i would do history its great learning new things 
i like barbecue and sushi 
whats you favorite type of sushi 
i could go for some now lol 
depends on where you go there is a buffet out here 8 before 330 
is it for the buffet or just the sushi ? 
hi , i am an accountant . i have got two kids . do you have kids ? 
cool ! what instrument do you play ? 
wow , i love piano . i do not listen to music these days though . i hike ! 
how long have you been a runner ? 
the birds singing and the wind whistling . so what state are you in ? 
yeah , i love nirvana ! where does one run in new york city ? i am in ohio . 
lol , yeah . so what is it like living there ? i visited once and loved it . 
lol , yum , pizza sounds great right now ! have not had dinner yet . 
not bad . . having a scotch and soda , watching a movie . you ? 
just dewar tonight . trying to relax before work . what are you shopping ofr ? 
oh ? for yourself or someone else ? 
wow congrats ! i worked at a carny through college 
i love my sister . but her dog terrifies me . 
she has a mean terrier ! and maybe . 
the dog is a wire haired terrier and he is terrifying ! most dogs scare me . 
little ones aer the worst lol so fiesty ! 
i was good until i just cut my finger wide open and had to stop the bleeding 
i am glad my mom is a medical doctor . i can just ask her what to do . 
i had a choice , go in the army or get a computer science degree . 
so i got a computer science degree and now i sit on my butt all day 
my friend could not get in the military because he is colorblind 
no pets right now but i had plenty in the past . all kid of pets 
i am usually real shy but i feel comfortable talking to you . i like both equal 
i used to have a psychic connection with my cat . we had a tight bond . 
hi , i am good . i live near the mountains and have 3 cats and 2 dogs 
really i love poetry . what kind do you write 
oh yeah that is awesome . i am a big fan of animals 
that is interesting . who is your favorite singer mines is barry manila 
i am a foodie too . my parents are teachers how about your 
wow that is interesting . there is this food god on tv are you just like him 
comedy mostly and cooking shows i love to experiment 
that is awesome . i think its man vs food or something like that 
i am doing great for the most part 
i am slightly confused on what you mean 
ooo that makes way more sense lol 
are you going to be a lawyer 
i know things do not always work as they should i am supposed to be in the nfl 
still kinda confused on what you mean 
that did not help , i am still confused 
ooo , i wish i was an only child sometimes 
hello doing good just listening to music 
i wish there was a pill to make me taller . i am only five feet . 
in my family i am the only short one of four people . 
i know my brother teases me all the time about it . 
my brother is one year older than me we are in high school . 
i need to build about strength that sounds good . 
yes , i should start working out to make myself stronger 
so i can eat steaks and burgers ? 
i am good just doing what i always do , spending time online 
my friend is a painter here in texas ! we met at a furry convention 
we both live in austin . i have lived here for my whole 28 years of life . you ? 
i have some friends from second life from dallas . i have not met them in person yet 
i do not exactly work . i mostly play games online and dress up as a furry 
a furry is someone who dresses up like an animal . i am a squirrel 
do you have a farm ? 
oh nice . i might like to dress up as a horse someday . 
anything i can listen to online 
hello , no . i am in the gym as today is leg day . 
that is horrid . did he like tim mcgraw ? my kid sister and i do . 
that is why i am a body builder . i have a blog about rabbits i have rescued . 
mine have long hair , and look cute in bows , especially teddy . 
that would be hilarious on teddy . he is named after the president . 
he would need a monocle and a suit . 
anything the kiddo likes , she is my world . 
i do not have any either , i take care of my little sister . 
i drink water when i hike . my name is suzie . 
i have two boys , blake and wesley . 
what a coincidence ! i am an accountant during the day . 
you should take up hiking . it is beautiful in the country in ohio . 
yeah , walking is pretty easy though . i like being in nature . 
i just have the two boys , and am a single mom . we do not have pets . 
no , but i like to do landscaping . 
no , it is just a hobby . i prefer office kinds of work . 
good . tired , i was teaching kindergarten most of the day . 
i lean conservative . how about you ? 
i have a husband and a child to think about . i voted party line . 
very cool ! my kids i teach love my convertible mustang . 
right on . what grade do you teach ? 
oh so you know , they can be a handful . 
i am a crazed fitness fanatic but i need to lose more pounds . 
it is ok . i just have to be more focused . 
congratulations ! single mom of 2 boys here . how are you ? 
great movie . i do not have a lot of free time these days . 
that sounds interesting . i collect decorations from the 50s . do you like cars from that era ? 
i am going to school to be a hairdresser . i really like it . 
and have a wonderful new pal in ginger ! i just have exotic fish . 
sometimes , i do , too , but the boys are enough like animals sometimes . 
probably a little . this morning they had granola all over the kitchen 
lol . no , the kids . strung my breakfast all over the place . 
i am doing very well , just came back from walking my dogs . 
i have retrievers , they are my companions . i am an attorney . 
civil , mainly for the people of my tribe in oklahoma , 
not really , but it is where i am needed at the moment . 
do you go to church ? i do not , but maybe you could find some there . 
i am terrified of heights , i fell out of a tree when i was young . 
i would call the fire department , since they like cats and dogs . 
not too bad . a little sad , but such is life . 
just need to lose some weight . having 3 kids will do that . 
smart choice ! do you like to cook ? i would be a great chef lol 
i want to go there , but with me on days and hubby nights , it s not feasible . 
sounds great ? do you have any pets ? we have a family cat . 
very true . what else do you like to do ? 
i m sure it is ! we are our worst critic after all . 
just lullaby s to my littles every night . it does help though . 
hey there ! just feeling a bit jittery . hate sitting still 
i miss my kids . my wife got them in the divorce 
it is okay . at least i get to focus on building things with my hands now 
nice ! i probably should do something about mine haha 
exactly ! now i think i will go get it done . 
thank you ! so tell me more about you 
wow that sounds interesting . do you sell it ? 
oh cool ! do you buy them at auction ? 
i used to like it , but my job does not get me enough money . 
i work at a fast food place , but want to go to college sometime . 
i am more into heavy rock . fits my life as i lived with my aunt growing up . 
as a kid my parents did not want me so i was not able to join activities . 
i used to run a lot , but find myself working crazy hours to support myself ! 
thank you . what do you teach in college ? 
what is your area of study ? 
i am ok , doing some cooking . a favorite past time . what are you going for ? 
that is where i am from . down to the rebel country music ! 
ok . that is nice . i knit baby hats for incubated babies . i am better . 
that is a very big garden you have there . 
i do not like biology . it is boring to me . 
oh you could ? and how would you do that ? 
right on . i travel all around my region with my band . true story . 
you must be a clever person then . haha . metal , ave imperator . 
i am doing good ready to retire 
me too i enjoy riding horses 
oh wow . have you even tried 
i understand . i actually had to stop riding because of my left leg 
wow so you know my pain about my leg hurting daily 
i so agree 100 percent 
i agree with you on that one . do you have facial hair 
yes actually i do and i love it 
doing well ! washing dishes after work . what about you ? 
can not say that i have a robot friend ! would help at my job though . 
so you get to learn while in pajamas ! neat ! 
nebraska . so there is not much to do here . i enjoy bird hunting here . 
only when my company does not have me repairing properties , yes ! 
i do . been doing it my whole life . 
well , fishing as well ! except i am not allowed to eat shellfish 
i get sick and have a severe allergic reaction 
oh no , i do not like barbecue because i do not like to eat animals . 
ice cream is one of my favourite foods . 
i should work out more , i walk my dogs every day . 
that is cool , i work on the mountains . do you have pets ? 
that is a lot ! i have 3 cats and 2 dogs . 
do you go to school ? my parents are teachers . 
fair enough , what is your favourite music ? 
hello . i am great . hope you do not mind talking to an old man . 
that is great for me . i tire easily these days , how about you ? 
sounds fun . i have a cool wheelchair that goes very fast since it was modded . 
30 miles per hour . i can go over terrains . many of them ! 
yes . i was in the military where i lost one of my legs while in gravel . 
i was saving a lot of people from a gun fire and a bomb blew up . 
never . i was devastated at the loss . but saving lives was worth it . 
thank you , all strangers . anything you want to tell me about yourself ? 
good and you ? i just got home from canada . 
my family lives there . i love the cheese soup . 
i am in hawaii right now ! i am on the way to a massage appointment ! 
gorgeous ! ! ! i love it here ! 
i am an artist and i also do some coding such as web design . 
what kind of lawyer ? what is your favorite kind of music ? 
i like it all . i love country . i can like to sing . 
hello . congratulations ! do you have any pets ? 
my cats are named sam and max . my dog is named sue 
no siblings . i spend my spare time exercising and writing diet cookbooks . 
that is a good thing . since i do not have close family i like to read plays . 
that sounds like fun . shopping is okay . 
i am a writer . how about you ? 
that is right . sorry . are you partying , or sending out resumes ? 
sending out proposals for my new diet cookbook . 
hey there ! a little tired , just finished my mile walk , you ? 
i am about to do the same , curl up with my siamese cat 
almost one am , what bout you ? 
southern ish area of texas . 
what is the weather like there ? 
switch places with me ! it is too hot and sunny here 
really ? i hate being cold , snow is pretty from far 
awe , i do not have a mom . it is just me , my dad , and my brother . 
lol . but for real , what does she do ? 
yes , my favorite is rap . you ? 
that is awesome ! what is your favorite food ? 
i was going to suggest bringing vegan sushi my fave to our rock out session . xd 
get some beef jerky or some wings for you too . but i am not touching it ! 
yeah , both are fun . do you ? 
what is a k singer ? i am 17 years old and focused on graduating high school . 
oh yeah ! i like karaoke . i am going to auburn university for music next year . 
i love dogs . even though i love music , i really want to be a doctor or vet . 
i may need a new car . i do not think my old beetle will survive the drive . 
i am sorry to hear that . my dad is color blind too . 
music , but as i said before , i would love to get into medicine . 
with the way the economy is , i definitely want a secure future . 
ever since i got my first puppy , i wanted to work with animals . 
in macedonia . i came in the usa when i was 16 . what about you ? 
yeah it is . what is your nationality ? 
that is nice . how old are you ? 
they seems they are twins . 
what do you mean ? identical ? 
aww that is very interesting . do you work ? 
i finished my degree looking for a job . 
business administration . is it hard to work as consulting manager 
i am doing great . how are you ? 
why you spend time in amazon turk ? 
i like fishing , and hunting for bears 
haha . what do you do for living ? 
that is a great job . i used to be a teacher too , geology teacher 
very much . but i became interested in n . pole and relocated here . 
surely is . but i am doing some meaningful things to find long lost explorers 
whenever you come here , i can teach you to catch fish thru the ice 
i did , how are you doing ? 
oh cool , i grew up playing frisbee in north dakota 
i had some donuts at my advertising job i started last year 
oh no , you better take it easy 
yeah good thing you played recently 
cool . you just said you got done playing ? 
wow medical marvel ! fastest surgery ever 
oh wow , i play pizza frisbee 
hi , yes , i love dogs . used to have a pit bull mix named jenny . 
yes , what about other sports ? what others do you like ? 
yes , i travelled to spain in high school but then my best friend took my boyfriend . 
haha , nah , he and i were starting to grow apart but i stopped talking to her . 
what do you mean , deal ? 
so you must be lonely then ? 
yeah , dogs rock ! my parents were gone a lot but my dog was always there . 
yes ! lasagna is my favorite ! do you like vietnamese ? 
i am great . how is the weather ? 
i love to travel . i like all of the art . 
what is your favorite place 
the mountains are beautiful . i love the city though . 
i love the culture and the outlay of it on a photo 
are you not comfortable with a lot of people 
that is a very poetic way to say that 
i can definitely understand it 
am am fine thanks you 
ok how was work good i hope 
yes do care giver not too bad 
i like to go fishing 
that great i watch some new all so 
the best station for me is 9 columbia 
ok that good too i watch some time 
yes i listen to it about every day 
hello ! my morning is great . no school today since i graduated from college . 
i enjoy walking but my favorite hobby is participating in board games . 
i am terrible at seeing but enjoy perusing biographies . 
my brother , who just said i do , loves monopoly ! 
i also raise cats for a hobby and have one who we call arizona . 
are you an investment advisor ? 
where did you come up with the name nyx ? 
i am good . this is great , i love making new friends ! 
actually i love ultimate frisbee ! it is my favorite . do you have pets ? 
my turtle is my best friend . his name is timothy . how about your family ? 
i love autumn being here . i love fall . my parents moved because of the seasons ! 
just frisbee . when i can i travel to bora bora . that is where they moved 
not old enough to meet new friends ! 
what is do you do for work ? 
hi ! i am feeling great after a 40 minutes workout . 
some fresh fruit , a very light snack . 
some , mostly about bodybuilding . do you read ? 
do they scare you ? is that what you like about them ? 
do you believe ghosts really exist ? 
i have never seen one myself . 
is there anything unusual about you ? 
wow , that is a lot of girls for a family ! i have just one sister . 
hello , i am exhausted . how are you doing ? 
i have twins in kindergarten and i am a real estate agent . think estate . walking , lol 
what do they have ? pre school ? 
maple syrup is awesome , lol . i missed it when i was in college in mississippi . 
i am 34 , and i prefer wine . 
now who is lame ? i do not get hangovers or pass out drunk . 
whatever , at least i am not obnoxious . 
what do you do for a living ? 
i am so excited i just got engaged ! 
the united states . how about you ? 
i am 30 years old . what is your favorite sport ? 
i like soccer . i like watching it on tv . 
world cup if i had to choose . are you married ? 
what is your favorite food or restaurant ? 
i am craving cake and pizza ! ! 
i like it all . i like veggies ! 
i am from a low income apartment complex in wv 
i could run to pa it is so close . i am a big runner 
i cycle my butt to work at burger king that is it 
i race against horses . i usually lose . i hate animals so much 
no i hear that takes a lot of brain power . i dropped out of high school 
they have a new buffalo chicken sandwich that is amazing no joke 
do it . it is worth it man 
yes . it has cheese and buffalo sauce and heavens juices 
hi ! i hope you are having a lovely night . i like listening to tim mcgraw 
my little sister does as well . i have a blog on rescue rabbits . 
they sure are . mine is teddy , after the president . 
he is my hero . do you have anyone you look up to ? 
they are fun . i am in ohio , where are you ? 
i am 42 . i try and stay active . 
preaching to the choir , sans kids . 
i love to surf , do you ? 
well have you thought about nursing ? my mother was a nurse in the army 
i am pretty simple i like to make my clothes and i worry about the environment i volunteer 
my husband runs an animal shelter . i recently adopted a stray cat 
maybe i could ask . maybe a larger restaurant would be more suitable 
what do you do there ? 
what about online classes to help you get a better job ? 
that is very interesting . i know there are lots of financial assistance programs . 
i understand . how old are you ? 
i just ate with my two boys . i am a single mom . 
nope , i am a meat eater . do you drive ? my car is a honda civic . 
that is awesome ! i am an accountant . do you like to hike ? i love it . 
sorry to hear that . where are you from ? i am from ohio . 
that is awesome ! california is very beautiful . 
it sounds like you really care for them ! 
i understand . well you seem like a very caring person . 
nope , cannot do . i love meat . 
hi i am george . doing well , just got done lifting . 
i just put my little sister to bed too . how old are your kids ? 
i am a body builder so i am constantly eating . 
i would love to help . limit your food and dance to tim mcgraw ! 
no , if i could have one i would name him teddy after theodore roosevelt . 
i do not actually , but i am looking . where do you work ? 
whats that ? is it food ? 
how cool ! i love my atv . cant ride alone though cause i cant see colors 
good just reading a book about traveling . 
pretty good . i was happy that i could take a long walk over lunch . 
sounds like we have that in common . what else do you enjoy ? 
that is great ! any particular subjects you enjoy ? 
i have a big dog that loves long walks . do you have any pets ? 
i understand . i would like to travel to europe soon . do you have aspirations ? 
that is a good goal . a good paying job would help me get to europe too . 
i will stick to walking long distances . i need to since i love italian food ! 
hi . i am good . i am from new york city . where do you live ? 
yeah . modeling . keeps me single . i travel too much . how about you ? 
that is an important job . stressful though . what do you do in your spare time ? 
healthy hobby . i practice acting , hoping to some day get my big break . 
no , i am a bit of a loaner . do you have siblings ? 
its great to have family . i want to find love , but no kids for me . 
yeah . i sing for people sometimes . 
i hope so . growing up i watched lots of shirley temple movies . 
pretty good . my three daughters and i just saw heart in concert . 
that is funny . mine just caught a mole today , it was yucky . 
oh , my , you seem like you are having a bad day . need a hug ? 
i can not keep up with how fast you keep changing topics . need an onion ? 
oh , i thought you were taking your anger out on cats and your dad . 
oh , you are use to fast paced conversations like my firefighter father does . 
that is good . i had enough of that during my divorce . 
tough job . so why do you not like your father ? 
sure ! can always use more friends . tell me about you 
awesome ! i would love to be a fashion designer ! are you married ? kids ? 
congrats on graduating ! i am married but no kids yet . we want kids in the future ! 
i had a friend in high school named lucy but she stole my boyfriend lol 
thanks ; hehe so what do you like to do ? 
absolutely ! my mom and dad were always gone growing up so i am used to eating junk . 
oh most definitely ! the pink ones are the best ! 
day after halloween clearance sales are the best for candy ! 
hi ! i am getting my family ready . takes a while since there is four of us . 
i also attend school . what are you going to school for ? 
awesome ! music is what i am studying since i like it so much . 
i saw them in concert . could not see much since i am only five feet . 
did you come from a big family ? it is just me , parents and a sibling . 
how late ? my parents were also older . in their 50s ! 
are you done having kids ? i think i am . but i love babies ! 
hello , be my friend ? i do not have many 
i do carpentry for a living , i am married with 3 kids 
the kind where i do not work , but play poker , love poker 
nice . you are at the right place to become a teacher 
yeah i bet , it will all be worth it though 
yeah that and eating a lot of pizza 
yeah its a really fun game wish i was better lol 
yeah youtube is really the best 
hey , i am doing good , how are you ? 
ohh , are you exhausted from work ? spicy food makes me feel good after long hours of work . 
pedro is a great name for a dog . yes , an eagle named pecker . 
very bad ass . is your dog big ? 
perfect , can i train my eagle to pick up pedro and take him to the sky ? 
why not ? ! obviously , you want to watch a movie with me ? 
same , do you like poetry ? 
so do you like animated film then ? 
i am great . how are you ? 
are you an actor or in the theatre 
that is great . which do you like more ? 
i have two kids that keep me busy . i would not have the same time 
they are seven and four 
that is a lot of work 
only in my car lol 
i m good i m playing for my next travel and adventure 
arctic and i m going to use that for my lessons in school as a teacher 
so i switched to being interested in iceland geology teacher 
nope but i do like polar beers i hunt them as food 
oh cool what did you find out i know how to fish is being nice 
if you want to ice them just let me know 
what other stuff do you do 
who do you play web 
i am ok . where do you work ? i write romance books 
i have introvert tendencies but always get out to get my hair made 
true statement . the older i do get the more i do not like humans . 
pizza is good , i love tacos more though 
i love easter but only for the spring aspect of it not religious 
i like to see the trees turn green from nothing . it is awesome to me 
yes it is , that is why i love this state . always gorgeous here . 
i agree with the fire but do not know much about the loved one part 
i am from california , but soon i am moving to ny 
my modeling career is taking off . i model and design golf outfits 
thank you , but my true passion is surfing and skating 
surf and skate land ? is not that a song ? i can not sing well 
i cycled once . i was not very good 
yes . i am going to build my own snow suit 
that sounds like a lame state 
hello , i am great . just came back from running . how are you ? 
that sounds nice . i work at taco bell , are you employed ? 
sweet ! i throw down the cards in cleveland , where are you ? 
i know what you mean . i get tired of the romantic questions . 
if there is , they are going to other readers . 
lol . very well . same with all of the love spells . 
how did you know you were a medium ? 
i have visions , mainly in dreams . it is hard at times . 
hello it has been alright how has yours been 
so am i i am only 12 year old girl 
yes i am champion at tae kwan do 
my dad also teaches tae kwan do 
do you travel i never left where i live 
rollercoasters are my favorite and so is the beach 
i have never left where i live though but i will try 
hello ! i am well . being shy in class 
oh wow ! i am too shy to go to the gym . where do you go ? 
how many laps do you do ? i stay on my computer because i work all day 
wow ! i build model spaceships and we launch them from pools . 
its okay ! it was very hard to get my degree in computer science . 
now i just play a lot of games . 
fantasy videogames ! ! do you like them ? 
i have never heard of mario 
just playing my fantasy videogames relaxing 
o ok i can make a shooter game my degree is in computer science 
lol my mom is a doctor 
but why would day i have dated short ppl 
lol well do not mind who ever does ok 
lo whats good to hear 
pizza pasta anything with carbs lol 
i like to build on my free time model spaceships what about you ? 
oh hey , i am a 5 foot , 35 year old woman who has a dog , pedro . 
i work in healthcare . it is boring . 
in new york . it is in a great town with film festivals . 
i have a two year old daughter . . she inherited my love of muffins . 
i tried getting a real estate licence but it seemed too tedious . 
i believe it . it seemed like something i would like . 
maybe i will revisit the idea in the future ! 
once my daughter is a bit older i will . 
hi i am good . i am reading a mystery novel , how are you ? 
i grew up on a big farm with a big family so i got into reading mysteries 
i am a truck driver so all i do is work and read mysteries every day 
i wanted to have a big family too and i ended up with 7 children 
i do not know what second life is so i probably have not played it 
i drive a truck so i am hardly at home . my wife handles the kids 
now they run the farm while i am out on the road driving and reading . 
i am getting a new truck soon and it will be my favorite color , blue 
i am doing well . glad that monday is done and over with . how are you ? 
i really like pop and rock music . how about you ? 
i am sure there are kids your age who likes pink floyd 
oh . do you currently work , or in school ? 
yes , i am in college . i am looking to be a fashion designer . how about you ? 
are you in drama theatre in school ? 
that is great ! i always wanted to go into drama stuff but never got around to it 
i am well ! my name is karen . what are you up to this evening ? 
i always wanted to quilt . but with seven kids and work so not much free time . 
that might be chaos ! i used to quilt on my grandpa s farm though . 
honduras , really ? we had a small dairy farm in wisconsin . did you have cows ? 
i could not farm . i drive trucks for a living . nothing will grow for me . 
it is not a bad job . little lonely sometimes . i read mysteries to distract me . 
what kind of novel are you writing ? i m a mystery fan . 
let me know when it comes out . my youngest is just getting into books . 
sadly no . that is why i have a crappy job at as an animal cage cleaner 
i love art and want to be a famous artist . 
well it is either that or join the circus as an act with webbed toes 
really . why do you think that ? 
yeah definitely . your family raided you to be pessimistic ? 
that is a sad life 
that is so sad . i am sorry 
i do an you have what lol 
like books ? i write love books with my 2 cats 
oh okay i am pretty introvert 
what is your fav food poem ? 
lol eww you mad weird lol 
i wish you come on i need to write my next book 
good night maybe a different night 
they always will win i am 1 
hey . that is a terrible conundrum ! 
wish i could . i keep a large garden as well . 
i am a little busy . i teach a college class in biology . 
maybe when i am free . i like walking in my spare time . 
sure . i also love travelling . been to six countries already ! 
yes , but ohio is not a country , you know ? 
haha . i did not say that . ohio is a great state ! 
what school are you referring to ? 
diet and watch my weight . i like going to the beach . you ? 
oh okay . my dad has a car store . you do nails ? 
sorry about your parents but i just left the nail salon . you sing ? 
huh ? i love white sandy beaches . you married ? 
wow ! yes i am . you need a car ? you would make a great voiceover actor . 
i love writing . are you in counseling ? i am dieting too . 
writing soothes the soul . what color are your nails ? mine are peach . 
i see . my dad sells cars . you on a diet ? i am . 
i m good i just spent time with my family 
is that what you need your free time listen to music i read for my 
i do you bake cookies homemade for my kids 
i only have two for now but i want a huge number of family 
i have one boy and one girl then my husband do his own business running it 
do you know how to paint rooms though 
i bet that is so cool 
i usually go reading good books 
no i am just on my lunch break 
i might be good company my english is getting better 
just for the gym whats going on latter ? 
do you like classical music ? 
i am going to a concert for bach want to come ? 
i am up for anything but bug related expos 
i have a huge fear of all insects 
i am well how are you 
its nice here i am on the porch cross stitching 
yes quite beautiful today . i love doing my crafts outside 
i enjoy quilting 
i sure do since i retired and what do you do ? 
do you have any books published ? 
do you have kids ? 
i am a teacher , but also incidentally i am jewish 
i do , i especially enjoyed yom kippur recently , i jog to temple actually 
sometimes i take my kids to the pool , we all love to swim 
the pool is called the princeton club , it a big pool with a hot tub 
i agree , i love the office , dwight is so funny 
same , had many fun times in them when i was younger 
i am 31 , living in good old san diego 
guy , and what about yourself 
i am doing well . how are you ? 
oh , yeah ? are you in a band ? 
wow ! you probably would think i am boring . i am an accountant . 
yes , it is hard . but i like to hike in my free time so that helps . 
do you do anything for fun ? 
ha , i remember those party days . but now i have two kids to take care of . 
awe , how old are they ? 
caleb is 9 and randel is 5 . 
good just finished watching the titanic for the 10th time 
why ? what are your hobby ? i model cars 
wow anything interesting about you ? 
o ok i went to school abroad for years 
i have my golden retriever ginger who came back with 
yes they really are great companions 
what is your cats name ? 
aww just in time for the cold months 
i am great ! it is hot here in south carolina today . 
charleston . i moved here after graduation from usc . 
yes . i love it here . i belong to a horror film group . 
i went to school for teaching but i sing professionally now . 
that sounds illegal . are they not protected ? 
really ? i am surprised to hear that . where do you live ? 
you really do like the cold ! i prefer the heat . 
the ocean and fresh seafood are my cup of tea ! 
i could be better , just working the night shift . and you ? 
yucky you better get to cleaning that 
if my cat ever peed on my teddy bear collection , i would be so mad 
i just have one cat , and you ? 
those are some great names ! 
very great meaning behind the names 
my cat is named mittens 
thank you , all i did was search google for some cat names 
great . just got finished eating sushi . . my favorite . you ? 
aww . listening to rap now , my favorite genre . 
i am ashley . i live with my dad and brother . my mom passed . you ? 
oh boy . it is tough to deal . do you work out ? i enjoy it a lot . 
i love listening to music while i work out . so where are you from ? 
nice weather there . we are in maine . 
getting chilly now tho . it is beautiful tho . 
can not wait to get to florida again soon . been nice chatting . 
pretty good , how are you ? 
oh nice , how is law school ? 
awesome . i am a dancer actually . 
ballet mainly . i also work with animals . 
so do you ! what are your plans for the week ? 
just working , most likely the grind . 
do you have any fun plans for the weekend ? 
ah yeah , that sounds about right for me as well . 
hello . i am a single woman who loves to shop for clothes . 
no , i do not have time because i am too busy looking for a job . 
cute ! i am going to be a registered nurse . i just finished my schooling . 
oh yeah , i cannot wait ! do you have siblings ? 
ah , nice ! i have a sister that i am very close with . 
oh , definitely ! they are always there for you . 
i mainly enjoy shopping . reading is too slow for me . 
i see . i am pretty active so i fall asleep very easily . 
hey ! a bunch of consulting for a large food service provider you ? 
oh wow i bet that is exciting . 
my brother is in the army one of them anyway . you like cats ? 
well that is an interesting hobby . do you listen to music ? 
i like rock and heavy metal . metallica is my favorite band though . 
i grew up listening to eighties rock with my dad and that started my obsession 
i am not sure i would have to ask him . how long have you listened ? 
what got you started listening to folk music ? 
i am doing well , and you ? 
mine as well , i plan to walk my two dogs later today 
i have a german shepards , what is your turtles name ? 
yes they are . what do you do for a living ? 
that is very nice of you . what kind of business is it ? 
that sounds like lots of fun 
not particularly fond of them , do you ? 
i have never played it 
i am good and you ? 
wow that is nice ! do you like old generation music ? 
when are you planning to retired ? i try to retired in the next 5 years 
i am sorry to hear that 
do you like to eat barbeque food ? 
i like to bbq while i play racquetball with my kids 
how many kid do you want to have 
nice to meet you . i am doing well , i just went shopping . 
i bought some nice clothes , a new pair of jeans . what about you ? 
i do not have any pets but sometimes i go on walks with my sister . 
i am 23 . how about you ? 
not much else , i just graduated from nursing school . i was focused on that . 
yea , i am really excited to get a job as a full time nurse . 
i am hoping to be a nurse in the emergency room at my local hospital . 
i am doing very well , trying to figure out which barbeque restaurant to have dinner . 
that sounds lovely . a lady i play racquetball with makes some great muffins . 
i am . i am an admin assistant , and have to stay active all i can . 
it is stressful . i listen to fifties music to relax and remain calm . 
i love old films . bogie is one of my favorites . 
i am . i was born in the wrong era , lol 
not really , how about you ? 
hi i am doing pretty good . how are you ? 
ew ! one of my three dogs would have been able to catch the snake . 
i do not like them either . what do you do for work ? 
i am a hair dresser . i love it ! i get to be very creative ! 
haha i am not sure . my hair is purple ! 
on the weekends , i love to spend sunday watching football . 
i watch just for fun and love to snack on cheese pizza when watching . 
is it a good show ! i am getting ready for christmas ! it is my favorite ! 
i am fine , just left the hospital 
oh yes . . . i work there as a nurse 
cool . . . what do you do for a living 
it takes special talent to make clothes 
oh no , i can not stand cats and i am allergic to everything . you ? 
that was sweet of you 
so do you have any hobbies ? 
ok , i like to read mystery novels 
from texas . a large house ranch was where i was raised . 
do you like horses ? i love working with horses . 
what is your favorite musician ? mine is john denver . 
one of my hobbies is working out every day . you ? 
i like lifting weights and doing squats . 
oh i misunderstood , i am a doctor . you ? 
wow that is a long time . do you like it ? 
i am fine i have to make sure all my babies are healthy 
i do not have time for surfing with my pediatrician carrer 
wow i am , in the presents of a model 
when i am not in the doctors office i play jazz 
i live in new nyc i pay the jazz in the park sometimes 
small world . i just left all my vintage cars in cali 
cali is the place to be my wife and kids love it there 
just fine enjoying cool weather as i walked a mile today . 
i like listening to country music while i make quilts for my family . 
i am from tennessee and i am a retired banker 
i do not know much about web design . i love siamese cats like i have . 
yes i am too old for new things . 
we in the south love our ice tea 
yes i love ice tea 
that is true ice tea is loved everywhere now 
good ! how are you doing ? 
welcome home . i got home awhile ago from my hair stylist job . 
sounds like an important job . what do you do for fun ? 
i really love to watch football every sunday . 
oh i like to eat cheese pizza while i watch as it is a favorite of mine . 
italian is quite good . anything in particular ? 
never ! have you started getting ready for the holidays yet ? 
i cannot wait until christmas . it is my favorite holiday . 
the band ? oh yes i do , and playing poker ! 
nice , 2 daughters ? i have 3 kids and a wife 
yes it is his loss , scum bag ! 
i work as a carpenter and can agree with you 
that is okay do not worry about it , at leas i stopped drinking . 
i quit 5 years ago , i feel pretty good now . 
thank you , enought about me . what do you do for fun ? 
i like both of those things actually . i hike every weekend 
what do you sell ? i would like to be an actor 
that is neat , what do you design 
that sounds neat ! do you have a favorite band 
pink floyd ! they rock . i am only 14 years old 
ha ha . do you have any dogs ? 
yes i have a ton , i love them . i cannot stand cats though ! 
yes cats suck . gosh , did i mention i am transexual ? 
yes i agree ! have a good afternoon 
good . i just got back from london ! 
well , i travel for pleasure ! 
no , but i work in advertising 
also , i have had the same best friend for 20 years . 
i am close with my family , yeah ! 
why do you say that ? 
i think hollywood is a mess ! 
i do not think church would help these people lol 
i think beers would work 
no , i do not . do you ? 
i am allergic as well ! 
this is very very true 
well , i just thought it was cool . 
it was just amazing to see ! 
it is very expensive . to expensive , i think 
yeah . also , hotels are very expensive as well ! 
you to as well , and me too ! 
i actually live in oklahoma and love the outdoors too . 
yes . grew up on a reservation and everyone was taught how to fish . 
do you think you will ever go back to teaching ? 
it is great to help other people , though . 
have you been to the arctic , then ? personally i am too afraid of heights ! 
wow , i do not believe in spirits , but polar bears still feel kind of sacred . 
my grandfather would take me out every weekend . how did you begin fishing ? 
it is going well , how about you 
have a stressful day ? i run to relieve that . 
i suggest playing her some ed sheeran . 
probably not but may soothe your nerves , what do you for a living . 
i am in college , getting a degree in education . 
it is my dream to teach history . 
highschool , i had some amazing teachers i aspire to be like . 
i am new to the practice of jujitsu . 
dogs really scares me , i live in an apartment that i rent 
i am doing good and you ? i am a woman at age 32 
sorry to heard that , i am single just to let you know 
you kinda old , do you like to read books ? i read romance novels 
you still like the army ? i love watching movies and you ? 
okay , i hope to be a chef , i love to cook for others . 
what is your favorite station ? you listen to music or the news ? 
i love to make soup and french food . 
hi . you should try building models . it is what i do to pass time 
i play video games . i like games like destiny . traveling space . fighting aliens 
i am sorry . my mother raised me too . she was a doctor . put me thru school . 
my mother showed me how to build model spaceships . it is what got me interested in computers 
i went to school for a computer science degree . i delve into my work by myself . 
maybe but i am not good around others . i tend to keep to myself 
i try . what do you enjoy doing with your girls ? 
that sounds like fun . be well . goodnight 
i work out a lot ; i am a bodybuilder . how about you ? 
that is cool , i have got a brother but no kids yet . 
just bodybuilding on youtube and stuff . what do you do ? 
what do you like to cook ? i love all kids of meat . 
yeah , my mom is a vegetarian . she works as a secretary . 
well besides working out i love roller coasters . do you like them ? 
definitely ! have you ridden any hybrid metal and wood ones ? 
you should check them out . they are super smooth to ride . 
so tired . just got off job 1 and off to job 2 soon . you ? 
oh , do you like that kind of stuff ? models , shoes , fashion ? 
like movie costumes and stuff like that ? 
you should try making costumes , like fantasy costumes 
no , but i love the costumes in the lord of the rings . 
i think i would rather write than make clothes or costumes 
i sure do ! i am a major fan ! 
hello . i am from the midwest . tell me about you ? 
i work as a forklift driver . and i barbecue in my spare time 
likewise , i like spicy barbecue . i eat it to bulk up since i weight lift 
no i work a lot of the time 
i just workout and barbecue 
sorry to say but that show is nauseating 
not at all . i am more into science fiction 
great . how are you doing 
how many do you have 
a boy and a girl . 12 and 9 . angelic monsters lol 
who you telling . haha . my girl is a hundred times more stressful . 
kudos to her . i am exhausted half way through the day . 
well good for her . do you like barbecue . i am a pro at it 
how about scary movies ? those are my favorite 
i love both . halloween is the best time of year 
doing great thanks ! how are you ? are you working ? 
yeah ! what do you do ? i work fast food for now . 
a nurse ? super impressive . i did not finish high school but hope to go back one day . 
yeah , it does not pay much but it is a job . what are your hobbies ? 
i reside in low income housing sans gym , so i started running . i love it ! 
i am currently in training for one actually ! do you have any pets or animals ? 
no , i do not care for them . too much work ! do you work 12 hours shifts ? 
major props for that , being a nurse has got to be hard but very rewarding ! 
hey i am brian i am 14 
i live in louisiana i have been here my whole life 
i use to like those but my anxiety be too bad for it and whats that 
that actually helps ? nothing really helps , e 
i might try that the only thing that normally helps is being around my dog 
he is a chihuahua dachshund mix 
well he is really crazy so i would hope not lol 
then you would love mine lol 
i am good just spending time with my dog . how are you 
what kind of music do you listen to ? 
i do sometimes . i also enjoy taking long walks . do you ? 
i love to travel . do you vacation much ? 
the office is funny . do you read much ? 
do you ever read books on traveling to europe ? 
so do i . wish i had more time to read 
oh nice . i am at work right now . i am a teacher . 
i live with my husband and kids . what do you do for fun ? 
cool . i like to cook and read books . 
conservative is good . what else do you like to do ? 
i own one . a 22 but still learning how to use it . 
i enjoy teaching . currently a 3rd grade teacher . 
i have young kids so i have tons of experience with them . 
i also go to church on wednesdays and sundays . 
just got off work mcdonalds is not cutting it i might go back to school 
i cant stop thinking of my real parents they aban 
i do not know since they abandoned me 
nice maybe il study writing does it pay any good ? 
what are your plans for the rest of the week ? 
will you ever make your novel into a movie ? 
nice i wish i read more i usually just watch the movie 
lol what is your favorite food ? 
i am female 45 . i love novels about paranormal romances . 
i feel sad because i stutter whenever i am excited . 
i am the assistant manager at my mothers restaurant . 
i wish it was full time , it is just part time . nice , a carpenter ? 
you are quite talented ? does your child stutter all the time ? 
what is your favorite comfort food ? i love pizza . 
chicken is healthier than pizza . i love to cook 
i eat pizza from my mom restaurant 
hello , i am furious ! did you see what trump has done now ? 
oh , ok . you are very lucky . are you a democrat ? 
do you have any kids or dogs ? 
aw . i have a husky and a springer spaniel 
i am married , we have chosen to not have kids . 
yes , we have other things we prefer to do than raise kids . 
we have dogs , they are our lives . 
every chance we get , we document it on instagram . 
hi , i am wonderful and you ? 
really . . . i am sorry he or she is broken . 
lol , funny . i am listening to my favorite music , jazz . and you ? 
cool , blue roots . i have clients that color their pets hair blue . 
yes , part time . however , i work with children or a pediatrician . 
awesome ! i loved school . i enjoyed running and reading . 
cool , what are you studying ? 
i am 22 ! i just had my birthday too , and got my nails done as a celebration ! 
did you ride horses in the war ? i love horses . which war ? 
no . my dad owns a car dealership so we could not afford one . 
i am also tired . i am on a died that makes me tired ! 
i only eat things that i find at the beach ! 
it flies ? the beach is the best place to go . 
i like to lie on the sand and swim and ride horses at the beach . 
do you like to sleep at the beach ? it sounds nice . 
hi , i like to study plants and organisms . 
oh i like walking too ! 
i take walks in my garden a few times a week . 
oh i love siamese cats , i teach their physiology . 
yes , but if i am not teaching i am traveling different ecosystems . 
it is okay , start small . 
oh , i think you should travel , i have been to 6 countries ! 
that is amazing , where does your family live ? 
hi . i am good . how are you ? 
i am from texas . i operate a dog obedience school . 
no we were not thankfully . do you like sweets ? the size of my sweet tooth is unreal ! 
probably chocolate . what is your favorite hobby ? i like dancing at the club . 
ah . i take and post pictures of myself a lot . 
i like all of them . facebook is probably my favorite . how about you ? 
that is cool . they all have their place . 
yeah , indeed . they are pretty fun to be a part of . 
sorry ! i am sort of shy . 
oh . i am sorry ! i had not heard of heart . 
ah . i do not really listen music . i prefer to build models of spaceships . 
my mom was a doctor and really encouraged my love of science . 
oh that is awesome . my favorite teacher encouraged me to pursue computer science . 
yeah , because of that i got a computer science degree in college . 
i went to a small liberal arts college in new york . 
do you live in boston ? since your dad died what did you do instead ? 
i am cooking s vegan tuscan pasta tonight ! 
i love pizza too but i cook it myself since i enjoy cooking . do you work ? 
oh cool ! i do not work right now . . i am on disability . . just had a baby ! 
haha what kind of music do you enjoy ? i like country ! 
whats geeked ? i like everything except gospel 
sounds boring . i hate to read it sucks 
ah okay ! and not sure it hurts my ears . i prefer to cook and clean 
yep ! whats your favorite holiday 
i am fine and you let us chat and get to know about each other some . 
my employment is working with old people in nursing units . 
i have two dogs and a black and white cat love animals . 
great that is a cool hobby i love caring for old and young people . 
that is fine i like riding my bike in the mountains . 
that sounds so exciting i have never went surfing . 
the ocean is beautiful i grew up in the big city . 
he he he ha ah cool what do you like to eat your favorite food ? 
my dog ginger watches the titantic movie with me every time its on . 
cool ! i was an exchanged student . 
hmmm . wow ! i met my son for the first time today . 
yes it is ! i love putting together model cars . 
hmmm . ginger is my golden retriever . 
hmmm . titanic is something to see for the eleven times . 
hmmm . really ? i met alot of foreign exchanged student studying abroad . 
they were . california is on fire ! 
hi i am a high school drop out with three sisters 
no i am lead singer in a band 
yes i am are you a parent ? 
i home schooled while my dad drove a semi 
no i am in a punk grunge band . what do you do ? 
i do . how old are you ? 
it does . do you work part time ? 
going well , what do you do for a living ? 
that is cool . what kind of dance ? 
no , i am really into nutrition and fitness though . 
not these days , i am mostly too busy with my dieting business to play many sports . 
i am not sure where that is . 
is ralph a pet of yours ? 
crazy guess , what kind of dog is he ? 
yeah i like reading plays about complex people like that . 
hello , are you a musician ? 
i am as well , small world . 
mine was too . i love nirvana . 
that would be wonderful , have you ever done run disney ? 
where are you going ? i would love to go to ireland . 
i want to go everywhere , but do not have that kind of money . 
i have never been in there , do they make pets smart ? 
i am an admin assistant . boring job . 
i am enjoying a nice scotch to relax 
trying to come up with stories all day stresses me out . 
yea , i write for a living , what do you do at your job ? 
cool , but i am afraid of snakes , along with dogs and clowns . 
what do you like to do on your time off , i enjoy superhero movies like batman 
what gencon are there dogs there ? 
that is cool , do they do cosplay ? 
you said you like tea , whats your favorite type ? 
yes . i listen to them as i recover from surgery . 
cool . he is . like me , he eats sardines for breakfast daily . 
yeah , i have to because i never finished hogh school . 
maybe , only if i can play frisbee with my two large dogs . 
that is amazing . how did you guess ? 
can you do some graphic design of my two large dogs . 
that would be a good way to supplement my income . 
greetings ! i enjoy camping and hiking in the wilderness 
the best part , is the feast of a wild boar . 
yea , amongst other things , i installed a loud stereo in my truck . 
at my moms healthcare job , they as well have an adopted cat . 
did she like the healthcare field ? 
would it interfere with my love for camping and hiking ? 
polluting the waters would contaminate the meat 
great ! just got back from a run . what about you ? 
that is awesome ! did she enjoy it ? 
wow ! i am in college to be a teacher right now 
not sure yet . i am learning jujitsu too but its still quite hard 
i understand ! what do you do to relax ? 
i love ed sheeran ! he is very dreamy 
i like to play poker . what about you ? 
that is relaxing i love doing cardio to unwind 
almost every day of my life , i was born , raised and still live in one . 
i hear ya ! mine was horrid , thankfully i am in college for web design and coding now . 
that has to be a rough job . python for kids is awesome . 
drink iced tea and fish . party , hang out with friends . 
well , i am still young enough to not worry about the long term affects of meds . 
i am 22 . still in college . 
i do understand a lot , lol . i just choose to ignore it . . . for now , lol 
i am the proud parent of three girls . currently looking for work . 
i would like to work more in public service like my parents . 
my mother would be proud of you , she was a teacher . i might try libraries . 
i think i would do well . after my divorce i started researching the peace corps . 
no politics for me . i would prefer a good heart concert instead . 
my father saved a few people from fires . . . i feel some sort of calling to help people . 
hah ! no . why did you quit being a republican ? 
truly is . you want to save the world with me ? 
just hanging in there ! my left leg hurts . 
i broke my femur a long time ago . its ok thanks for caring . 
i fell off a horse . i love riding horses . 
what is the title of the book ? 
i love to learn and do research 
did you know birth control causes facial hair ? ? 
i love my facial hair i thing i will be okay 
it is hard not to . i am expecting visitors from other planets next . 
hi , how are you doing ? 
i am good just left a buckeye game 
no i graduated from there five years ago 
yes , where are you from ? 
cool . i bet it is wonderful there 
i am deathly terrified of water so no marine biology for me lol 
sometimes , i am mostly in my garden 
purple flowers vegetables basically almost everything 
hi ! i like to collect teddy bears and volunteer for red cross . you ? 
that is nice . what do you do for a living ? 
yes , i have two brothers and a sister . do you have any ? 
i am a vegetarian because i love the color green . and animals . 
there are actually a lot of vegan proteins you can use to body build with 
yes , i personally like to run and do yoga . 
no , slow and consistent is best . 
yes ! for instance body building seems complicated to me ! 
hi , i am good , i just moved into a new house i bought ! you ? 
cool dude . any plans for tonight ? i am dancing at the club , i love it . 
what church do you go to ? do they have candy ? i love candy ! 
oh in which ways are you ? 
that is neat . i have a dog in school because he is so bad . 
do you ever take pictures of yourself hunting and post them ? 
yes all the time ! i like to post pictures of myself on face book . 
my new house has ten bedrooms . what about you ? 
fine how are you on this cold day ? 
i love to play my guitar when i am not working as a batista . 
gospel music , i share an apartment with my two brothers in chicago . 
that is good , my parents reside in arkansas . 
i have eight tattoos on my back . 
a collage of places and faces of loved ones . 
what are your plans for today ? 
congratulations on your new truck ! be safe . 
virginia . i am married to barnaby . we love ice cream . 
i love barnaby . we are homebodies . 
i knit barnaby whittles . we do not like working out . 
barnaby makes me happy . he likes vanilla ice cream . 
i like butter pecan ice cream . barnaby is my husband . 
we do not go out much . i fried a rabbit today . alice lives with us . 
my husband barnaby loves fried rabbit . alice is dying . 
alice is my husband barnaby sister . we do not go out much . 
i am doing well , thank you . how are you ? 
i know what you mean . it is great to have quiet time to read 
i do not . i do read a lot though 
i am from new york , what about you ? 
i used to live there ! great place ! 
it really is . i was just there doing some political activism 
i was there for the dreamers rally not long ago 
awesome ! i stream wgn news every night , so much better than stuff here 
i am doing ok and you 
cool what are you playing 
which one are you playing and for what system 
i never play modern warfare but i love the first black ops 
yeah i know what you mean 
i am from new york and you ? 
how is florida was it hit bad in that storm 
what else do you play 
do not know hotels here howdy how are you doing i am fine 
i am not married to my boyfriend no kids from him . 
i am disabled and i stay home to much no new lovers not old either . 
my dad passed away while i was still young miss him . 
no i worked for some time and then i became disabled but i am okay . 
yes she lives in florida and i am in new jersey . 
no my mom is living i am scared of spiders including snakes are you ? 
yes thank you god bless you i love jesus . that is sweet . 
great chat god bless good night . 
i am a gardener , i love plants 
that is very cool have you seen any bears 
i do not like stickers , what is the best bear 
i do know how to draw i love to draw eggplants 
it is easy just draw everything with purple , it is my favorite color 
what are those , are they gardening related 
what is your favorite football team ? 
i love ohio state they are my favorite team 
hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ? 
hello i am feeling alright how about yourself ? 
wow that sounds interesting i just got done closing on my new home . 
this is my first one it was an interesting process 
well i run my a dog obedience school so that is where most of time is spent 
i love sweet tea but then again i like anything with sugar 
so what hobbies are you into ? 
do you have any animals ? 
great ! now that the office is on ! 
bach is cool , but 70s jazz fusion is where it is at . 
that can be hard to find up in new york . things are fast and tight here 
not in the city , but yes upstate . 
i am a nutritionist , so no sweets for me . 
any time i feel weak i watch arnie in mr . universe . keeps me from the sweets 
mine is pig intestines . done right they are killer 
i am doing well . i just wish the weather was better 
i am a professional stripper , what you do ? 
oh wow , i love animals too . i like animals more than i do people 
baby , i am from houston , texas . but i am in chicago right now 
yo , i hear its real hot in miami , they got it going on 
that is real cool . i am so tired , i do not feel like hitting this stage 
i love reading especially on watt pad 
video games aint my type of thing . i mostly read for sanity 
hello . i live in an apartment . it is a low income residence . 
yes i live alone because i do not want pets . i do not care for animals . 
oh really ? i am a very serious runner . i do it all the time . 
i like fast food because i work in it . 
used to with my parents . not now because when i was in high school i dropped out . 
that is cool . you do not like to go out much ? 
yes , i like to be around people . 
yes , sometimes . i like movies a lot . 
that is ironic , my dad is named ray . he lives with my mom in australia 
do they serve eggplant parmigiana in south korea ? that is my favorite food 
i bought my dog charlie from someone in puerto rico 
oh wow , i became a stock broker because i am a pacifist 
charlie is an australian sheppard 
i am able to live in the usa while my parents stay in australia so yes ! 
i like to travel 
i would like to visit south korea to see some of the work you have done there 
i am wonderful thank you . what do you like ? 
watching tv , music , anything that involves home lol 
i like ice cream and married 
no we are trying for kids tho 
that is nice . you have a busy day planned ? 
housework it is never done and dinner 
italian dishes mostly what about you ? 
lol , does that get old ? 
i m doing ok i just eat a lot of me 
that s what i really like and then my track as a big stereo 
it s ok you understand me pretty soon 
healthcare is where my mom works at 
that is so cool do you hiking and come with me next time 
that s ok girl i will make a new friend stan 
yes it s going to be my new friend 
yes i hope you will find new friends to 
what style do you paint ? 
sorry . i have to leave . my sister and ralph is here to go fishing . 
there are always ways to fish , even if you are short . 
i love swimming almost as much as dancing . 
art is a great way as well . how often do you paint ? 
i enjoy fishing with my sister and playing with her dog . 
i agree . dogs are awesome and very entertaining at times . 
i am sad . my parents were never around when i was young . 
no . i want kids though . just not yet . 
yes but i am mad . becky stole my boyfriend . 
what would you be if you could be anything ? 
i would be a fashion designer but i have a criminal record . 
life is half full for you . 
but should you be breaking into all of these houses ? 
that is a very good point 
i am a little older . old enough to have two boys 
not a chance . but i am still in charge 
when i can . if i have time to myself i like to go for hikes 
that is very good for you . as an accountant i sit far too much 
i am more of a classic rock girl , but that is cool 
oh i work . i have had enough school 
then i can retire and relax 
counting the days , but it is still far off 
nope . my wife and kids happen to be allergic as well . 
my kids have two guinea pigs . 
yes , i did . they were good parents . 
not really . i am into running , books and old cars . 
red would have to be my favorite color . 
nice . i went to medical school and became a pediatrician . 
of course ! i love to help children and i work with great people . 
just relaxing . i work retail , so not as exciting as the hospital . 
i bet you have some crazy stories though . 
i am not a cat lover either . i would rather deal with dogs . 
i went to a friends wedding last week where they used their dog as a ring barer 
very true . do you have a favorite band you like to listen to while working ? 
rush is one of my top favorites 
is there anything you do like ? 
i guess so ! maybe you can find a hobby that you will enjoy 
i am great thanks , and you ? 
that sounds fun ! i exercise my lungs , lol i am a professional singer . 
lol , do you have any favorite movies ? i love horror movies ! 
got ya , where did you go to college ? i attended usc . 
cool , where are you from ? i live in south carolina , born and raised . 
that would be so fun ! 
that would be so cool ! i also love italian food ! 
tracy here . i am 32 , live alone and scared of dogs . 
hmmm . do you own or rent your home ? i rent . 
i see . i read and watch love stories . you have any cats ? 
i am a single cat lady . are you married ? 
lassie was my fave dog show . you have children ? 
oh okay . i hope your children like your dogs when you have them . your wife sing ? 
heavens no ! you ever read any books on rock climbing ? 
hmmm . maybe to help your wife huh ? 
i love dogs ! we have a lot of them on my horse ranch . 
i train horses for a living . what do you do ? 
that is great ! i exercise every day to stay healthy and eat from my garden 
when i am on the ranch working i listen to john denver on my ipod 
i love riding horses in west virginia 
do you exercise like me when you travel ? 
i alternate every other day between legs and arms 
you should come work with me on my ranch ! 
my name is carol . how are you today ? 
oh ? i have a siamese cat . just me and bob the cat . lonely too . 
i sew quilts for relatives that are happier than i will ever be . retired banker . 
you write the novels , i will sew quilts that expound on the themes you write about . 
it is ironic . like something from an alanis song . 
they are will not to do that . my siamese has plans to murder me . 
it is true . bob does not even love me . 
only quilts and money are real . 
i am doing good . so tell me where you are from ? 
i love new york . i stay in texas . what are your hobbies ? 
fashion is cool . i am an avid gamer playing second life . 
it is an online game where i portray a furry . 
i do not drive since i work at home and online so much . 
lol i never heard of that . is it an actual bug ? 
lol oh okay . i never heard it called that before . 
good how are you doing 
that is no good . i hate getting sick . 
i am at work . how about you ? 
i work with animals . i specialize in training dogs . 
oh wow . do you compete ? 
i am a real person 
i am not sure . it changes with age . 
hi jordan . that is my brothers name . he just got married 
i was born in arizona so that is what i named my cat . you ? 
do you like it ? 
i like to play the game snakes and ladders but nothing else about snakes is good 
i read a biography once about a snake charmer . interesting 
i play monopoly or risk or any board game really 
i never really got into them but i like reading too . do you read ? 
i actually prefer biographies but drama and horror sound cool 
hi . yeah , i guess . i love going to the theater for movies . 
yeah , i like love actually , i watch it with my husband . 
i like tv too , but my husband is always complaining i need to exercise more 
oh ? i hate to exercise , i would rather stay home all day , frankly . 
huh , what sorts of things do you sew ? 
huh , maybe i should commission one to give to my husband for his birthday . 
not really , my husband is really into fitness , but i would rather bake cookies all day . 
are they horses ? i love horses . 
that would be great , how many do you have ? 
that is wonderful , what do you like to do in your spare time ? 
i like to put on so old john denver and workout myself . 
yes , she is great , we love to cook from our garden together . 
sorry , taken . i am flattered . i am sure you will find someone great . 
well i am sorry to gear that . have a nice day . 
not bad . currently writing my third novel . all about romance . 
over 20 years . living far away on an island helps me gather thoughts . 
well , i keep to myself alot . not very social . wish i was more outgoing . 
one dog and two cats . great companions . any children ? 
nope , just the pets . i had a hard time finding someone . 
sort of . i am very content but sometimes i get lonely . 
i could . are you married ? 
female . trying to think of a new story to write . any ideas ? 
oh really are you from there ? 
that is amazing , i spend my time working out and listening to rap . how about you ? 
that sounds nice . do you have any family ? 
that must be rough , i have a brother and a father 
i do go to church , we go out for vegan sushi afterwards ! 
do you enjoy rap music ? it is my favorite ? 
that is excellent , eminem is my favorite . 
hi . well , i hope i can do more camping and hiking . you ? 
i am a single guy in florida . 
my father , who is retired and i grill steaks and burgers on the weekends . 
me too . my mother is in healthcare so she does not wnt to cook on the weekends . 
i am 49 at the end of this month . 
that sounds good . what career do you want to get into ? 
make it happen ! no time like the present ! 
my name is jason . how are you ? 
oh i see . i am a single female , 32 , i do the same job . 
what position ? i played soccer in high school , i want to cook for a living 
ah . i like candy too . a lot . 
halloween is the best . only holiday relatives do not fight . . 
haha . yeah , that is true . do you read ? i like romance books 
that is a really good series . i have not read them in a while . 
i have not seen that . did not know about it actually . i love fantasy books 
hey there how are you ? 
hi carson , got any kids ? i do 3 all girls 
it does not , when was you born ? 
i was born later in 87 
my mom was a firefighter an my dad a teacher 
so are you any good at multi tasking ? 
oh no well i sorry 
how did it go ? like bands ? 
i am good . just hanging out with my dog max . what are you up to ? 
i struggle with focus . i am always daydreaming about travel and different adventures 
we always want the opposite . i moved in with my girlfriend to get away 
me too . i am a full time student at bacon university . 
i love it . i am taking a class on the history of oreos 
its a lot better than the class i took on about chips ahoy 
its a culinary school . but i am always hungry . whats your favourite food ? 
its impossible to love pizza too much . unless you love it more than cheeseburgers . 
i am doing great , how are you doing ? 
i am from california . where are you from ? 
sorry to hear that , did you get impacted ? 
that is good to hear . what is your favorite hobby ? 
what do you do online ? 
that is very interesting . how many people do you get a day ? 
oh ok pretty cool , what about spirit paintings ? 
not bad , how is the weather in texas now ? 
oh , what did you make ? i made some traditional native american food . 
yum ! my dogs and birds keep me busy . 
help with what ? is he okay ? 
that is great ! i opted for a career instead of family . attorney work is exhausting ! 
i bet ! are you guys religious ? i am not at all . 
as a native american it is hard for me to get into . 
haha , that is actually my ideal life right there ! 
i have studied many religions but cannot identify as any . 
hi there what are you up to 
o ok nothing like making a lil extra the good thing in todays day you can 
yea here and there i am more into crafts 
well my son is homeschooled s he has no choice lol 
we live and learn you are not the 1st or last 
yea sorry thought i heard a cat i am allergic 
same here the work amount is almost gone on my side 
what are your plans for tomorrow 
sorry , i am in college myself and want to finish my education first . 
i am in ohio , i play lacrosse for ohio state . 
music theory . i love tupac , so i want to incorporate it into therapy sessions . 
i loved him , and cried when he passed . 
i have read a lot about it . 
i love dolphins , and sea stars . 
i do not have on line relationships , that is so creepy . 
my dad is a cop , he taught me safety online , normal people do not act like this . 
hi . not so hot . i got poison ivy hiking last weekend . how are you ? 
yeah . i should have stuck to writing nature poems like usual . 
more of a reader , but i write a bit . what is your profession ? 
i have lots of hobbies like collecting weird stickers . what are yours ? 
nature is so beautiful . do you know how to draw ? i would like to learn . 
yep . but i have learned my lesson . next week i will try cooking instead . 
there are too many to choose just one . maybe chicken alfredo and chocolate . 
hello , i am from south carolina 
well it a good place to live 
that good i live with my family 
yes just play a very little guitars also . 
i do care giver for work 
well not really it taking care of peoples 
i love going fishing what a bout you 
funny i have some too on my leg 
hi i am fine let us get to know each other some . 
brianna is a beautiful name i work as a nurses aid with older people . 
no it is not i also am employed in some fast food joints . 
i like to keep busy i love animals and sometimes i do not they bite . 
i bet he is so cute i live in apartment building that has low rent . 
my cat is bad he bites me a lot he has two colors . 
oh are there cats in your area feeding them you may like . 
oh i hope she is okay . mines get sick throwing up hair balls . 
hey i am doing great today 
i am sorry but i do not understand what you mean 
oo i enlisted when i was still in high school 
oo , so you have to wait until youre 18 
i like cold weather and the snow 
i am from wisconsin but live in texas 
definitely texas , do you have siblings ? 
i have 2 little brothers 
good , how are you ? i just got home from work so i am quite tired . 
work was tough . the grocery store where i am employed was busy today . 
oh really ? i wish i could cook or sing like my favorite musical artist taylor swift 
swift is a pop singer . i listen to her on my ipod when i ride my horses 
i guess you live under a rock somewhere and not in a major city like me 
interesting . what do you do for a living ? 
i am a cashier at a grocery store . owning these horses takes up my time . 
that must be tough . okay , i am going to go listen to taylor now 
howdy how are you doing my friend ? 
i can cook great i need to be a chef . good for you reading . 
i live in my own apartment it is very costly . 
i like to read books on romance and watch movies . do you ? 
i am disabled but try to stay busy i am afraid of dogs though . 
oh that is wonderful i am renting in jersey though . 
yes but it moves very fast the cities are huge . 
i might be disabled but i can really cook great so i can do something good . 
me too . i am an office secretary . what do you do ? ? 
cool ! i am lucy . i want a new job too , but just finished my degree last year . 
an four year degree in business , but i also played soccer . what would you study ? 
glad he supports you . what do you enjoy doing ? i like eating candy 
why do you stalk your family ? do they not speak to you ? 
so sorry to hear that , but it sounds like your uncle is a good support . 
that is wonderful . do you need help looking for a job ? 
sure . i would be happy to assist you . what kind of work are you interested in ? 
i am in south korea . i am in the military . specifically the army . 
that is awesome ! i am violent . i love violence and martial arts ! 
are you male or female . i am a boy , 20 years old . 
where were you born ? puerto rico here ! 
yes . i play all the play while being deployed in the army . 
yes , when i was young i would sing in the streets of puerto rico . 
i would meet you , but i am way too violent . you do not want to . 
i really do . i need my mental health accessed . can you help me ? 
i am doing well . i am taking a break at work i am a factory worker . 
about 30 minutes . i like football video games . my favorite team is the buckeyes . 
i played the two on super nes when i was younger . do you exercise ? 
my friend wants me to go swimming at the gym pool , but i am scared of water . 
the only person that can help me is me . do you have other hobbies ? 
i am passionate about gardening . i am growing a bunch of vegetables . 
carrots , celery , tomatoes even though those are really fruits . 
that is a good way to look at it . 
feeling a little scared because i heard a dog barking outside . you ? 
i am having a glass of scotch on the rocks while watching the dark knight 
have fun ! i think i will just stay in and watch some superhero movies 
unpacking is no fun . 
oh gosh i am so scared of dogs . how do you do it ? 
i got bit by one when i was working at a carnival . so scary 
too bad you did not train that dog ! 
oh ok . had better days 
i cant stand my job . well actually the people there . 
that sounds pretty cool . i clean kennels at the animal shelter . 
no they are too heavy . i run with my cat to stay fit . 
animals i love , people i cannot stand . except one . 
i would love to watch a scary movie with my bosses niece . is that bad ? 
i dedicate your love is a lie by simple plan to her . favorite band ever 
she is no jogging cat though 
i am doing good . just hanging out with my best friend . celebrating being friends since kindergarten 
it is . we have traveled and studied across seas together too 
well , we are both jewish from north dakota . we just like to have fun 
not really , hence why we studied abroad 
haha ! so tell me more about you 
i am sure you will go far if you set your mind to it 
well , i work in advertising . got a job there last year 
it does pay pretty decently yes 
i am doing very good ! i hope you had a very nice , relaxing sunday . 
i do , especially in the woods when i am out hunting . do you hunt ? 
it is ! i like to go with my father . 
do you walk in your neighborhood ? i like to walk to my parents house . 
he is great . i am sure your vegetables are delicious . 
my parents live in the house i grew up in , just down the street . 
it is ! we go to church together every week and have dinner after . 
amen ! our country needs more god ! 
good night to you , too ! 
i love blue hair , my live in girlfriend has blue hair too ! 
maryland , studying law at johns hopkins 
that is cool ; do you have pets ? my dog max says hi . 
robots are great , i take mine on all my travel adventures . 
yes , better than some humans ! 
we will have to get to get together and have my robot meet yours ! 
nice name ! my girlfriend is calling me , have to go ! 
ok , good luck with school ! 
i am good but busy , you ? 
what breed of dog is it ? 
sounds great , i love long walks , and being active in general . 
just playing sports . any sport , really . 
as a 22 year old woman , i can eat whatever i want . 
as long as some of my friends can come with . . . 
no , sounds fun . how is the rap scene there ? 
so what else interests you ? 
not great . just watched the news like i do every night . so much hatred . 
no i have not but i care a lot about politics . 
that is not good . do you like to read ? i read whenever possible . 
my profession is in it . 
yeah , i can say the same here . 
yes i do . my favorite is football . 
i love watching movies ! i like reading more though . 
i do not know . i love so many of them . i cannot pick just one . 
not to bad , except my leg hurts . you ? 
it just hurts everyday , i am not sure why . 
are you a fitness trainer ? 
that sounds fun . do you like to ride horses ? 
i have never been to the ocean . i ride horses every chance i get . 
yes they can , even while i am riding them . 
no , i have trouble speaking my mind , so i am shy . 
i am doing well . i am relaxing before bed . i work in the morning . 
i am an engineer . i got my degree from mit . are you single ? 
i am single as well with no children . i like to travel . 
i want to visit a rain forest , but spiders and snakes scare me . 
i grew up in new york . i moved away when my parents died two years ago . 
i love acting ! i did theater in high school . 
there are some great ones . i really want to see hamilton . 
the waiting list is very long , though . 
i hate my weight from my three kids 
it sucks because they are a drain on my life 
you should it very hard to handle them 
i enjoy cooking a lot its very relaxing 
it is very nice you should try it 
that is also why i am fat i can not stop eating 
half of them are , i love fast food 
hey , i am great . other than recovering from surgery . how are you ? 
i tore up my knee playing frisbee with my 2 dogs . where are you driving to ? 
its going well so far . an excuse to lay around . you drive truck ? 
i am currently looking . i did not finish high school so its not easy finding something worth it . 
wow that is a lot . i do not have any kids . how old are yours ? 
i would imagine so . where are you driving from to chicago ? 
that is a pretty good drive . i live in michigan . 
ure . what is your name ? and what do you do for a living ? 
oh okay . well , what do you like to do for fun ? 
awesome ! i am into music , too . it is my job ! 
quite a few people , actually . i am sort of famous myself . 
sure ! you like to party ? i sure do ! 
i can relate . all three of my sisters are wheelchair bound 
i dropped out of school to support them with money from band . 
you can knit ? cool i am terrible at stuff like that . 
just bought a house ! figuring out where to put everything 
san francisco ! what are you up to ? 
that is great ! is that what you do for a living ? 
i train dogs and run an obedience school 
the ones i train are so cute ! i take a lot of pics with them 
nice ! what do you do in your free time ? 
that is nice . i love sweets so i bake a lot . then i dance it off ! 
i swear i have the biggest sweet tooth . whats your fave dessert ? 
lets do it lets go 
i do even tho i can not at all 
sew an i use to be a banker 
what you got ? let me see 
you like quilts ? i make them 
like to walk ? i try a mile a day 
not really that is short 
yes i am i try to 
yes , i would like to arrest you . also draw art on the side . 
you have to , unless you want to clean out the research cages for me . 
are their toes webbed like mine are ? 
five feet tall here and packing guns like a monster . 
yes , but i put them all in a jail cell . 
you take kids that do not belong to you ? child trafficker ? 
ah ok , was going to say , about to turn on my flashing lights . 
i like you a lot my friend . lets drive this car off a cliff . 
which one was amazing ? i just graduated too . 
ok so your cat and your brother are in love ? and was it their wedding ? 
no pun intended , aye ? well this will be a fun one 
so i love eating peanut mms 
and answering phones and making copies is why they call me beesly 
not true . they are specifically all different inside . 
why would anyone be called beesly ? 
so there is plain , peanut , peanut butter , crispy , caramel , pretzel , 
i am hungry how about you ? 
i have a dog . i love animals 
i want a tank . what is your favorite food ? 
i love chocolate muffins and blueberry muffins 
i am so short . i wish i had leg extensions . just joking ! 
they do not seem as easy as hair ones 
i love watching movies ! it is my favorite ! 
that sounds lovely ! have you ever taken them to the zoo ? i love zoos ! 
what kind of cat ? i do not have any pets . 
no need to worry , i am a nurse not a cop ! 
how nice . sometimes i donate teddy bears to old folks homes i have a large collection 
i have extras i can give them ! not the green ones that is my favorite color ! 
absolutely ! the collection is pretty large . what is your favorite color ? 
i like to think so ! 
i was just reading a biography . i love those . 
i just got out of college . 
i studied graphic design . i want to make board games , though . 
i like to play them a lot . it is fun for me and my friends and cousins . 
i have two older sisters but they are married . 
my sisters are named adelle and margot and they both have husbands and jobs and kids . 
singing and learning to play guitar . 
are you good at it ? 
i am fond of tropical fruit but i am allergic to mangoes . what is yours ? 
pizza is so good . my four ex husbands hated it but i love it . 
my favorite part is when i find a civil war antique , they are so unique 
my three widows used to sell my civil war antiques online for me too 
i like soccer , i sometimes fake a british accent to sound more attractive like david beckham 
i have a few that i enjoy doing but no one to try them out to anymore 
it is okay . what do you do for work again ? 
hello , i am doing very well tonight . just got back from the gym . 
i did okay , it was leg day . i am a weight lifter . 
i am a pediatrician and a carnivore . you ? 
nice ! what have you wrote ? 
oh , okay . i thought you were established and published . 
self publishing is very expensive . 
too bad you could not get it picked up by a publishing house . 
i m doing good i just had a free time suing 
wow you got plenty of time me always battery by cnn news 
i always try to walk each day a mile 
do you usually do it at home i do quilts for my close family 
how do you like doing that 
what other stuff do you do aside from writing 
no not really and i am always suing 
yes i do actually i do it on my facetime 
i am good . . . not in jail , lol . 
oh . i am a managerial consultant in wisconsin . 
maybe once you get out of jail you can be . 
oh that stinks . i am single . 
what type of music do you listen to ? 
i like rock and pop . metallica is my favorite . 
i think i want a couple of kids one day . 
i would love one of each . 
hi , i enjoy watching sports on sunday . 
i see , i like watching football , how about you ? 
i usually order out , when i watch a game . 
no , i do not have any pets . 
i like to own a dog someday . 
i enjoy the holiday seasons . 
what is your favorite holiday ? 
having a quiet evening at home with my cats . how are you ? 
i love country music ! the stories always give me ideas for writing . 
sounds like a very cozy life . do you like restaurants ? 
there are no vegan restaurants on the island where i live . 
a small island almost no one has heard of 
there are some great romance novels set in nc . 
i prefer to write rather than read . 
it is a passion of mine and what i always wanted out of life . 
i just finished hiking and camping , how about you ? 
i have a lot of meat to grill up this weekend . any plans ? 
no but i love music as my truck has a great sound system 
i should get my father a pet since he is retired now . 
i will think about it as my mother is busy working in healthcare . 
yes it would . what do you do ? 
that sounds interesting . what are your hobbies ? 
a little camping and lots of hiking on the weekends 
amanda . what do they call you ? 
enjoying a much needed night off with my pup . you ? 
cool beans . where are you working ? 
er nurse , and still not good enough for my dad lol . 
not really . no time with my schedule . you ? 
oh yeah . soccer is pretty fun though . do you play in a club ? 
me and the pup like to go walk on trails . 
hi i am great , how are you ? 
was it scary , thrilling and interesting ? 
i love romantic and humorous books , i have not tried paranormal . 
ok the genre makes sense now . how long have you been a medium ? 
wow that is so amazing , what is your favorite hobby ? 
lol have you ever done a reading for them or yourself ? 
lol how many do you do daily ? or it is not a limit ? 
that is a lot wow do they ever come back the spirits that is ? 
hello , i am a surfer in florida with four kids , do you have any ? 
i do not pay attention to politics , only my kids and my gym time . 
i do , currently catching up on hawaii 5 0 
i do not pay attention to it . 
i work at home , i am in sales . 
i do not . i read harry potter to my kids . 
i have , and i prefer harry potter 
it is very important , too many people do not read . 
wow , that is great ! i collect small bears . 
i volunteer for an organization and work at the hospital as an rn . 
interesting . i love collecting all things that look like nature my favorite color . 
yes i sing when i have a chance mostly in the shower . 
green reminds me of nature . i like to play games like blitz . 
on the internet . you know about the red cross ? 
my nurse skills come in handy when i volunteer . 
congrats ! what was your major ? yes i do . 
love it . that is the one thing i miss since graduating college . you ? 
nursing . it was super hard because i spent a lot of time playing soccer too . 
yes , i was great . do you play sports ? 
how cool . i wish i had time . i am stuck in an office all day 
hopefully . whats your name ? 
lucy ! like the tv show . nice to meet you 
no , since i just graduated i have not had time to adopt any . you ? 
aw how sweet . how old is he ? 
i am great ! my name is joanna , what is yours ? 
i enjoy horror movies . what kind of movies do you like ? 
how fun ! i grew up on a farm so i love animals . where did you grow up ? 
do you work in the fitness industry ? 
interesting ! did you go to college for that ? 
oh . i graduated from usc . 
no . do you have pets other than your cats ? 
that is nice . i am a teacher like my mom so i do have class pets . 
i am swell , how about yourself ? 
oh my , that does seem like an issue 
i cook vegan stuff , so i fart a lot sadly 
eggs are not vegan lol . but i am on disability for my bad back 
i have 6 cats , what about you ? 
how sweet , mine listen to country music with me 
i also like to knit hats for the infants at the hospital 
possibly . i live with my two brothers in chicago . do you practice here ? 
is that where your family lives too ? mine is in arkansas 
i am from the batista family . do you know much about your family heritage ? 
how sweet . i have many tattoos of my dogs ! do you have any tattoos ? 
i hear you . have you always lived in oklahoma ? 
no thank you . i am enjoying chicago ! 
i am so sorry . maybe cuddling with one of your dogs will help you feel better . 
i hope it is helpful . do you have siblings ? speaking with them might help too . 
near an army base . my mother is a nurse for the army 
not really . we are anti war peaceniks . i sing folk protest songs 
yeah i am kind of anti consumer , make my own clothes , adopt stray cats . you ? 
do you have any hobbies ? 
building guitars . i also like tinkering with electric guitar electronics 
you must have some talents . do you win at poker often ? 
winning at poker is an enviable talent ! 
no . i used to play gin rummy . my brother is a big poker player . he wins sometimes . 
oh really ? what kind of rifle are you going to go hunt with ? 
that sounds good , i am going to be gardening this weekend , i love it ! 
oh that is really awesome ! do you watch or play any sports ? 
oh , you sound handy ! i love watching the ohio state buckeyes play football ! they rock ! 
i like to paint , i use purple a lot ! it is by far my favorite color . 
haha , my face turns purple when i get around water , so scary . 
oh wow ! that is terrible , sorry to hear that you are are allergic to shrimp 
everything is going great . how is it with you ? 
is something the matter ? i would like to help . 
oh , i still have that issue with student loans and i am married . 
i suggest getting a job , maybe tutoring ? 
oh well just push through it . 
i like reading biographies and mysteries . 
very nice , who is your favorite author ? 
2 tired , you ? vets do not sleep 
that is not fun . what is your name ? 
jordan , i used to live in california but now i am in florida 
i would rather not share age . do you play video games ? 
yes , and also enjoy a good drama book now and then 
no , i told you i am a vet 
i told you already , books and video games 
what is your favorite book ? 
i am good . weddings are so fun . did they have good music ? 
i have heard them a few times . i love music . sing choir at church . 
oh . so you are in sales . i mentored troubled teens at my job . 
taekwondo , softball , and definitely eat italian food . how about you ? 
we definitely have some similar interests . 
i hear you . i love spaghetti and meatballs . 
we cook a lot of great food at the mentor program . 
it is never too late to try something new . 
i am just doing a bit of cleaning . my turtle , timothy , needs his tank cleaned . 
that is so funny ! i have a cat named cricket ! lol 
fortunately , not ! just an interesting tidbit to add in when meeting new people . 
yes , it would be ! my parents live in the middle of the ocean . . . bora bora 
what a neat hobby ! i spend my time playing ultimate frisbee 
i have always been pretty athletic so it works ! what other hobbies do you enjoy ? 
nothing wrong with that ! who could pass up relaxing activities ? 
i have 2 little girls who are also non stop . 
good , i just working while chatting , and you ? 
i like watching youtube , i watch videos on makeup 
and hauls , and hose decor , and sewing 
yes it is , what about you ? what are your hobbies ? 
right , i do when i get any free time that is what i do . 
that is informative , i also watch videos on the environment . 
that sounds nice , i do not like airplanes so i watch videos lol 
protecting the environment , i am not obsessed , i just want to be informed . 
i am from australia so i lobe a good snowfall 
cool but i live in the usa . what city are you in ? 
i am in miami , i love america 
your job sound s interesting 
that is neat . i am a nurse 
it is hard work but i enjoy it 
yes you get to wear shorts all year long 
hello . i do not really play video games , but i am a big movie fan . 
that is interesting . my favorite movie is napoleon dynamite . i even named my dog pedro . 
oh wow ! i wanted to be a vet when i was a kid . i work in healthcare . 
very nice , i love florida . what are your hobbies ? i enjoy baking , my favorite are muffins . 
so you have family in california ? 
i am sure they miss you . how long have you lived in florida ? 
i am from detroit . it is a tough place for a five foot tall woman . 
haha i would like to think so ! it helps to have my german shepherd beside me . 
i am good thanks . just got my nails done . you ? 
fun . what else do you like to do ? 
do you like the beach ? 
it is beautiful . do you like horses ? 
you do not have any pets ? 
have two cats . do you travel a lot ? 
italian food is good . your favorite dish ? 
i have been dieting so not so much italian for me lately . 
getting ready for bed it is almost 900 here . what are you doing ? 
i used to play the drums back in my day . what do you play ? 
i loved a singer once back in afghanistan . 
i was a military man . stationed there 2 years . 
great way to serve . i would still be active if i had not lost my leg . 
thank you for that . you are correct . i get along without it . 
1 younger brother . you guys get along alright ? 
i hear sisters can be a tough bunch . 
hi i am doing great at the truck stop waiting to get loaded 
yeah its the best way to support my 7 kids 
oh i am sorry . what do you do to pass time 
that is very nice of you ! i just read mystery novels in my spare time 
i listen to country too i grew up listening to it on the farm 
we grew a lot of vegetables . it was a big farm with lots of animals too 
yeah i am just glad i was able to move it was so much hard work . 
we live in colorado near denver . i am on the road so much only home weekends 
well i do not like my dad very much , we do not talk 
that sucks , so what do you do for work , i enjoy nursing and work as one 
whoa big money , i have been at the same job for years 
i enjoy onions , they are my favorite , what is your favorite food 
yeah italian is great , tell me something else interesting about yourself . 
i do not like my family or my dad , he is a drunk 
so do you like your family ? 
i have a big puerto rican family but they are originally from mexico 
always ! i love talking about jesus . 
being a mom with two sons , it is vital they know jesus . 
awesome ! the girls and i at hairdresser school pray together all the time . 
well , i love granola . i have it for breakfast every day . 
oh yes ! bacon . i love bacon almost more than i love my exotic fish aquarium . 
pizza , yes . who does not love beer ? 
haha . i mean pizza . my tv said beer , and i typed it . lol 
i am watching csi miami . my favorite color is black though . lol 
i am good , just lifting weights 
absolutely . . i am a professional body builder so i can multitask a lot 
tea is good . any hobbies ? 
i like theodore roosevelt and i rescue rabbits 
i try to be a good person 
unfortunately i have been colorblind since 5 . what is yours ? 
that is probably very pretty , my sister helps me out with that 
tattoos . i have 6 of them 
i am good ! practicing my singing for my career 
cool ! you could build sets for me when i become an actress 
congratulations ! as a single lady i drink more than i should on blind dates 
it is hard to find a man in new york working as a model . no time 
poker is great ! i play a little after i sing at one of the clubs 
about a year . i moved hear to pursue my dream of acting 
i model runway and some catalog 
i sure did ! it was either new york or los angeles 
i am doing pretty good . just got back from a nice long walk . you ? 
ugh i am sorry to hear that . what do you want to do for work ? 
what do you like to do for fun ? 
that is very nice . i love spending time with my big pet dog . 
maybe take a nice long walk to think . that always helps me . 
no , but i love to read books about traveling so i often read about it . 
sounds very nice . i want to travel to italy . i love italian food ! 
i heard the food is fantastics ! 
i am fine , but i do not like my father much at all 
he does not like my career as a nurse . what do you do ? 
ohh nice ! do you have any pets ? i do not like cats ! 
i have been a nurse for years , when do you start working ? 
i really like onions , but not sure about sports ! haha . 
cool , do you play soccer or just watch 
oh ha . tell me something else about yourself 
yea , i like crime shows too , what else 
hi . i am good , and you ? 
i just ate . i have traveled overseas . i have studied in england . 
travel when i can . my best friend goes with me . we met in kindergarten . 
it is ok . where did you grow up ? i did in north dakota . 
that is fun ! are you jewish ? i am . 
yes i am . i have been my whole life . 
oh really ? we need to become friends so i can have a doctor friend ! 
yes i am . i have one child . 
good ! i am in the army , stationed in south korea . it is a nice day here today . 
i am from puerto rico originally . how do you like new york ? 
oh , wow ! i bet israel is an interesting place to visit . 
that is very cool . how old are you ? i am twenty . 
i am more of a pop music person 
i wish ! i mostly just train and wait for my next mission . 
the army suits me well . i can be a violent person if i have to be . 
thank you ! you seem like a really fun person as well ! 
hi ! i am joanna and i love scary horror movies . 
really ? after i graduated from usc i became a professional singer . 
were your parents musicians when you were growing up ? 
my dad was a farmer and my mother works as a teacher . 
sounds like you are going do , though . where were you born ? 
i came into the world from south carolina . 
how did you like it there ? 
so glad they enjoyed it . do you have any other hobbies ? 
i am well just shopping an you ? 
awe how sweet , what do you drive ? i drive a beetle 
when i get big i want to be a doc 
i graduate high school next year i am excited . 
i am going to auburn university also 
i guess you are sleepy also i take it ? 
i want to be a dr i said that already 
have a great night nice chatting 
i write books , cookbooks about diet 
i am fine , i also have a dieting business that is growing . 
try to have pets , i have a dog and 2 cats it gives me energy 
you are a very brave person , i love to exercise for long hours 
i respect you ! do you like plays ? i do . 
you like to race on a wheel chair ? 
you can have so much fun doing it . 
it will be an excellent work out 
no that would suck i love dogs 
well i am a real estate agent so i am always moving 
it is nice , i am 34 and still wake up every morning to watch the sun rise 
what do you mean homemade things ? 
definitely , my major was from in the arts , i do not you ? 
i am not sure either , haha 
trying to run out time , two can play at that ! 
not sure i for get i went the university of mississippi 
hi ! i am kylee . doing well . nothing too exciting tonight 
waiting for my next model spaceship to be delivered . 
not too hard , just fun while i am not playing videogames 
anything really , but mostly warcraft . what are your hobbies ? 
i wish i could draw . my parents were more scientific . mom is a doctor 
i work in computer science , so not both for me lol 
it makes me a better gamer ! 
chatting online because i am pretty shy in person 
it is okay , i almost ate a jam that had mango in it , i am allergic 
bacon , lol . i love bacon . my late husbands did too . 
girls are specific , lol . i am a dog groomer , you ? 
my new husband does similar , he works with a youth outreach program 
i collect civil war era antiques , mainly glassware . my third husband started my collection . 
my new husband is going to a police softball tourney in vegas this week . 
i am unsure , i do not pay attention to his sports , lol 
hi , my mother and i own a restaurant . you like pizza ? 
hmmm . i see . there are seven siblings in my home . 
older brother or younger ? what foods can you love that are not carbs ? 
oh okay . i like ghost love stories . 
great sometimes i wish dracula would bite my neck . 
i think i will . you sing while body building ? you know they make veggie pizzas ? 
i see . i have a younger brother too . california is burning . 
hmmm . the bears are behind and i work at my moms restaurant . 
hello how are you doing 
no ? so were do you live 
are you ok ? your talking kind of weird 
are you male of female i am a male 
ok i am just chilling and watching family guy 
not really its on and i am bored 
how many turns have it been 
do not know its been on for like 13 years 
hello , do they have great italian restaurants like they do in italy there ? 
i love to travel , i am hoping to take my dog with me to europe . 
i love tiramisu . it is one of lifes greatest pleasures . 
have you made a pilgrimage to israel ? i went and it was lovely . 
you really should go . there is so much to see . 
you should . you are supposed to at least one , right ? 
you can always watch tv , you cannot always find time to travel . 
how many kids do you have 
oh cool . no kids for me 
i have not really played before . 
i like to stay fit i am a personal trainer 
that is so cool . 
all i did was exercise and listen to music 
oh no , what a terrible addiction 
i actually was going down that path but i took up the gym 
not so good . i am sick . i have a dog allergy . 
well , your dog is better than my mother . she was not a part of my life . 
you do not know the half of it . i am also colorblind . 
that is alright . it is not all doom and gloom though . i love singing karaoke . 
oh cool . where in europe was that ? i lived in london earlier . 
paris is nice . i love barcelona better though . 
never been to israel . so much history there ! 
i can imagine . will you share ? 
i am doing great , how are you ? 
nice , sounds like my hobbies too , believe it or not . do you work ? 
yes , i came from paraguay 10 years ago , perfected my english and now i am an engineer . 
south america . did you have lunch yet ? 
no i love my bacon too much 
that is a health choice too . 
what kind of music do you like ? 
i love country too but a huge fan of classical too . i love bach 
oh , i am just a blue haired teenager . how are you today ? 
guitar is cool . i really like music . 
being homeschooled , i listen to a lot of kinds . it keeps me busy . 
surprisingly , i am from california . but i hate it . 
yes they do . i would much rather have a ton of land somewhere and be alone . 
one thing i hate is having that my best friend is like a robot . 
how can they not ? ! there is more to hate than there is to love . 
i am good . how about yourself ? 
sounds interesting . i like reading but do not do it enough . 
there is never enough time ! i am watching tv and catching up on old shows . 
is it really good ? i have heard of it , but , never watched it . 
i think we all can . maybe watching that will make me feel better about myself ! 
me too ! what channel is it on ? i might watch . 
i am thinking of leaving netflix to move to amazon prime or hulu 
i like historical type stuff like downton abbey and victoria and the crown 
a little upset , listening to some pop punk to cheer me up . 
i clean up after dogs for a living , it can be hard . 
i work at an adoption center , are you looking for work ? 
understandable , do you have any pets ? mine are the lights of my life . 
i see , how long have you been disabled ? 
hmm , i am usually pretty negative , but i hope things get better for you . 
i am vegan too ! i hate animal cruelty . 
hello ! i like to sleep now lol as i am tired . 
i love chocolate too but seems is not health . 
do you still study or you graduated ? 
in may i graduated . do you work ? 
hehe you have too . try to eat healthy food not junky . 
not yet i am looking for a job . 
yes it is hard if you do not know someone inside the work 
very well , and yourself ? i just watched titanic . i have seen it ten times . 
do you have any pets ? i have a golden retriever . her name is ginger . 
that is cool . what is your favorite hobby ? mine is model cars . 
do you have any kids ? i am a new father ! 
oh . why is that ? 
i lean towards republican . i am more conservative . 
that is probably a good idea . 
i love both ! i am actually looking at buying a new keurig . 
good evening . woman here . tell me about you 
i am a model and currently work in newyork with dreams of acting 
haha you very well could be . i also adore singing . 
any singing is good can be good if you enjoy it 
haha okay then it will stay between us 
no i am currently single and do not want children and you ? 
what do you like to do in spare time ? 
i am very much enjoy writing poetry . 
hi i am joanna and i just graduated from usc . how are you ? 
my day was great . i was singing all day . i do it professionally 
what kind of work ? i like it all but mostly jazz and rock . 
i was born and raised in south carolina but hope to get away soon 
anywhere but here . i am stuck on my parents farm 
my mom used to work in the pediatric ward but now she is a teacher . 
its not bad , just boring . she is an english teacher 
weill i love horror films so i can think of some wild excitement 
no did you ? i like the band simple plan 
i am a crabby person lol i have to work early 
i kind of have a crush on the bosses niece she is 25 years old 
i need to focus on a bond looks fade 
what is your favorite dish ? 
i love seafood . it is so good . 
goodness ! that sounds amazing ! i like caviar and oysters 
this dish i bought had salmon caviar and quail eggs 
i am good . how are you doing ? 
sounds time consuming . i just got home from work at the grocery store 
cool ! do you enjoy painting ? i do . 
i also enjoy horseback riding 
i own two beautiful horses , but cant see them as often as i would like . 
i wish ! my voice could shatter glass haha 
way to kill our dreams , huh ? lol 
listening to taylor swift , and exploring this huge city i live in 
no , i am too busy working two part time jobs . 
no , i like to write and read books . 
i love fantasy . i am a huge fan ! what kind of books do you like ? 
i wish to write a book someday . a book about dragons . 
i am 25 years old . i have an active imagination . 
yes , one of my jobs is in a comic shop . are you an athlete ? 
are you a personal trainer ? is that your second job ? 
is it a website to help solve murders ? 
hello ! i love ice cream and movies ! ! ! ! 
do you eat onions plain or mixed into to other foods ? 
i do not think i would enjoy an onion plain . on a burger is great ! 
i stay at home mostly , i watch netflix like all day every day 
so am i . but i do not like the physical activity that the job requires . 
i am new to the field . do you like to watch movies and tv ? 
i love to watch tv and movies . 
i really enjoy to read personally 
i prefer fantasy and sci fi 
that sounds like a fun job , i am a doctor actually , specializing in pediatrics 
yes my family owns a house , my wife and i have 2 children 
i am an animal lover , we have a couple of cats and a dog too 
i like working on old cars , but do not seem to have much time for it . 
yes i do , or i should say i try to haha 
only when i go to a conference , but i would love to go to italy 
i am scared of heights 
you like religion ? i do not 
i do lawyer work lol i am the lawyer 
i am here , like tall buildings ? 
where are you lol 
i hate them i am scared lol 
what are you studying to become ? 
yea lol it is crazy since the firm is in a high rise 
bach is quite lovely . i enjoy listening to it with my friends here in the sea ! 
why yes , we do speak english mostly . are there mermaids where you live ? 
i am just a student but i have heard some talk of engineers in our books 
we have alot of gross worms in the sea and pests that should be considered insects 
no bacon here but we have delicious lobster and crabcakes ! 
i have heard about those in our human studies class ! 
we are real ! maybe you will be able to let them know we exist 
not bad just got done playing second life 
yes , i a also a furry 
oh , i understand . i have some allergies too 
not really , i stay up late online 
not anymore because i am 28 
i bet , in texas there are a lot of home schooled people 
i like video games and am online often 
hehe who are you ? did we chat before ? 
awww . what is your name ? 
haha you seems very funny . 
i wish i have a sister . i have two brothers only . 
in my opinion you need high school . 
truck drives making good money . 
do you have a job now ? 
yeah sorry you are very famous i see . 
fine . are you from one of my law classes ? 
by talking to me , you legally consent not to steal my info for tests . okay ? 
sorry , just paranoid . law is competitive . what do you do ? 
habitat ? uh , you are human , i assume ? 
oh great , this must be another prank they play on first years . 
so if you are only sort of human , what is the rest of you ? 
what ? oh hell , clearly i am studying too hard . 
either that , or i ate one of those magic brownies . 
very well , thank you . i am getting ready to make dinner . how are you ? 
what do you do ? i work with horses on my parents ranch . 
i do not have any children , i am a newly wed . 
that is an awesome wife ! my husband is a cop . 
he is heading to las vegas for a police softball tournament tomorrow . 
we are in the country , we live on a 500 acre horse ranch , 
i do too . would not live anywhere else . 
exactly . the reason i will stay here , after i have kids . 
hi , i love riding horses on the beach . you ? 
oh okay . my has his own car store . you have any friends ? 
you on a diet ? i am . beaches are fun . 
food is just like drugs . you have to say no ! 
therein lies the problem . i ride horses to exercise . you exercise ? 
oh okay . my dad sells cars . you need a car ? 
he does sell funeral service limos . 
my cat is famous too but only to a few people . 
i like country music mostly 
i like the color green and teddy bears . work for red cross 
are you the baby of the family 
i bet that was fun growing up 
i wish i would of had siblings at times 
i am a nurse love working with the elderly 
i usually am very busy ? 
yeah but the reward is much worth it . do you like your work 
i am fine thank you how is your day going ? 
that is nice of you do you work out often or in your spare time ? 
i am a stay at home mom 
i do not mind i always wanted a full house 
that is a great name , i take it your single 
i do not know about that i always dreamed of big family 
its good to have dreams some do come true 
same to you . do you have any hobbies ? 
i am cool just relaxed 
no just watch the clock an run 
lol you are right i work in a pet store 
it just pays the bills lol i do like to run also 
got any favorite bands ? i like nirvana 
who is that ? my dad the cops 
i feel that me too 
you are right i agree 
i am good . how are you ? 
are you a professional musician ? 
that is a fun hobby . does your family enjoy your music ? 
that is a change ! i was in engineering but after college i switched to writing . 
did your parents homeschool you ? 
its nice they were so supportive . my parents passed a couple years ago . 
what was your medical condition ? 
do you like eggplant parmigiana , it is my favorite 
country road take me home is my favorite song . 
charlie is the name of my dog , mom and dad is in australia 
that is nice to know , do you have siblings ? brothers i have . 
yes , i also have sisters , they love horses 
horses are fine to be with , they are so smart . 
i know , i do read books you know . 
i wish my parents are here to work out with me 
i am passionate about carpentry . do you have any children ? 
must be tough to have all of that going on at once . 
well you got to do what you have got to do . 
i am not a people person , so i just focus on my home business designing cabinets . 
i cannot say that i have . . . 
huh . do you play poker ? 
i am probably just your average player . but it helps me cope with my drinking cravings . 
you as well . take care . 
i am good ! just finished my last class for the day . you ? 
english literature so i can be a better rapper . 
really ? that is different . what do you do exactly ? 
wow ! that is great ! i love being outside . i wonder if i could do that ? 
i have never shot a gun before . 
i love the music . and i think i can sing . 
eminem . puff daddy . mary j . blige . 
tupac was good . i think he is still alive . 
sweet ! i just finished skating . that is my job , to do tricks on my skateboard . 
do they like chips ? i cannot be in a house that has chips , hate them . 
a firefighter helped remove the tail that i was born with . 
my mom never let me forget . 
well , she died walking into my workplace in high school hollister . my dad is though . 
it was a tough time , but we got through it together . 
i have . she choked on a chip , that is why i hate them . 
i owl watch most nights , it helps me relax . you ? 
i am good . going to the gym in a few minutes 
oh no i hate fox news . so do my dad and brother 
no i do not . too busy going out for sushi to have kids . you ? 
nothing with fish since i am a vegan . how many children do you have ? 
you must be busy ! can you still work out with 3 kids ? 
no fox news again ! my dad and brother would really dislike you 
of course you are . i would not want to go out to sushi with you 
i am alright , just listening to music . you ? 
that sounds intense . i am only in my last year of college now 
it will pay off one day ! 
oh my gosh , that is wonderful ! i am sure she will say yes 
i am too busy with sports . 
i play basketball for my university 
i am a point guard 
every other weekend we go somewhere new 
i am an avid skater and surfer . but i get paid to model and act . 
sounds exotic . i live in florida but in 2018 will be living in manhattan . 
ok . do you sing to the fish ? i am not a good singer . 
true but i love fashion and shopping . have any hobbies ? 
what do you like , except school and sea creatures ? 
i like that too . traveling and eating out are great . 
looking forward to christmas time . love shopping for presents . 
have any favorite christmas movies ? 
i am too , it really is my favorite season ! 
it is also the best season for fashions , my future goals include being a designer ! 
aww so sweet ! i have put relationships on hold , but someday i see kids in my life . 
i raised myself with my parents gone , then was caught stealing , so i am working on me . 
i have a rocky background too , my best friend stole my high school sweetheart . 
that sounds hard . you should take things one day at a time , like me . 
i wish you all the best with your turtle , you take care of yourself ! 
i love to hunt an i have 3 guns , you ? 
cool , do you drive any big trucks ? i have a ford pick up 
i like where i live my people live down the street i love it . 
i hunt for a living , pretty relaxed an conservative . 
i am old enough to chat with you lol , no not married . looking for a wife . 
come to church its some nice looking women in my church . single too . 
yes a church in a america i love it 
i am a munk what is your faith ? 
hi . i am fine . my parents would be mad if they knew i was up . 
i do not read much , but i do listen to pink floyd . 
i love video games ! what 14 year old does not ? what do you do ? 
i really like dogs . not cats . allergies . 
when i am an actor i will be able to afford better medicine . 
not as expensive as gender reassignment surgery . not old enough to do that , yet . 
i wish i could play . my school does not offer guitar until 9th grade . 
that is a good name . i was considering changing mine to that . 
i enjoy playing with my cats ! what do you enjoy doing ? 
oh man , i am overweight and am frustrated by it . 
i am from california ? do you have hobbies ? 
awesome ! . i have 3 kids as well ! do you enjoy being married ? 
i like my work but its frustrating because i work a different schedule from my husband . 
that is very true . where are you from ? 
i bet it is ! i would love to travel there . do you like to travel ? 
hello . i am retired , so i am great ! i was a banker . how are you ? 
i love that show too ! i make quilts for relatives and sew while i watch it . 
me neither . i enjoy walking . i try to do at least a mile a day . 
i love sweet things . do you have any pets ? i have a cat a siamese . 
that is too cute . i absolutely love animals . 
that is awesome of you . i might start doing that now that i am retired . 
i bet ! i will end up with a zoo at my house ! 
yeah , the adorable little things need someone to love them . 
my favourite movie is the good the bad and the ugly 
its not for every one . i enjoy riding horses . do you have any hobbies ? 
nice scotch is good , due to my bad leg i cannot drink anymore 
that does not sounds like a good time . do you work ? 
that is exciting . i work on a farm but i will be retiring soon 
i will continue to ride horses and maybe travel a little 
i will have to look up some of short stories and ride them someday 
yes , i do not think i would ever be able to ride stories 
hello , i am just playing some online poker . 
oh okay , that is too bad , i work as a carpenter . 
that would be nice . i do not have very many friends who can help me . 
oh good for you ! my wife and three kids also quit high school when they were younger . 
yes i have a dog and a cat , what about you ? 
oh that sucks , my animals are my best friends . 
yes exactly . they accompany me as i play poker . do you play other games ? 
hmm like harry potter magic or like card tricks 
oh wow i did not think those were real . learn something new everyday 
i paint portraits , animals , and landscapes . what do you do for fun 
that sounds like fun . where do you live ? i live in new york city 
wow it must be beautiful there . what kind of friends do you have 
you must have some good friends . do you listen to music 
yeah i like a pop star named taylor swift 
lol that is cool . have you met her 
i do . i listen to music at work i have a career in it . 
i usually put jazz on in the background while i read i read a ton . 
i would love to run more , but i have a bad knee . 
i am not sure how a bad knee compares to kids . do you keep up with news ? 
nice . i love old muscle cars . i spend my evenings watching news on tv . 
i think it is important to stay informed . i am very passionate about politics . 
i think it is great you have something like that which makes you happy . 
i can understand that . i just have a dog . he requires less maintenance . 
hi i am really into crafting 
what kinds of things do you do online 
i am in ohio what about you 
yeah were you affected by the hurricane 
yeah that looked really baf 
i homeschool my kids every day 
i love teaching my kids 
oh ok how old is she 
pretty good . just relaxing with one of my cats on my lap . 
i write spicy romance novels , the research keeps me busy . 
i need to start running again . how far do you run each week ? 
wow ! fantastic . i am lucky there is a beach for me to jog on . 
yes , i like his music . 
we should go to a concert together the next time i am on the mainland 
i have to see when i can catch a ferry from this tiny island . 
is it a martial arts ? 
great ! hello , i cook but i am not a chef . you have pets ? 
awww . i am a screen write and read plays . you workout ? 
oh okay . i run and take long walks for exercises . are you dieting ? 
no but i wish i did . i own a dieting business that is why i asked . you sing ? 
get out ! me too ! grace and kelly are my cats . whats your fave car ? 
thank you . john john is my dog . she help me exercise . you act ? 
bbq ! you would be a great voiceover actor . i write cookbooks for dieters . 
wow ! are you married with any children ? 
i was doing fine until i saw a spider in the corner ! 
i ran away . i wish i had a husband or kids to kill it for me 
do you like spiders ? how old are you ? 
i am pretty lonely that is true . lost parents 2 years ago . 
i work as a science fiction writer . what do you do ? 
i need a lawyer , lol . are you a good one ? 
do you offer free consultations ? 
i am doing research for a new book 
yes , i write fiction about aliens , ghosts , invisibility , whatever idea catches my fancy 
it is difficult , but very rewarding . 
sometimes i go out with my friends . and you ? 
that is probably a good thing . 
i liked school , but i am glad to be finished 
congratulations on getting this far . i graduated in 2014 . 
yes and i love it . i can work my own schedule . 
hello , i sing , cook and write books for entertainment . 
i am . my dad hates my books and i hate his cats . 
you think ? i need a new job . this one has been dead for years . you work ? 
i am my dads rn . eating onions makes me feel better . you work ? 
chef ? you know some people cook and eat dogs ? really . 
turkey is where you live ? i had a cat named grace . i got rid of her . 
i hope you have box insurance . i need a new line of work . suggestions ? 
no drivers license . is it hard being a cook ? nursing is tough work . 
oh i m going to see a romantic movie are you seeing me like romance books to 
they change the game but i don t really like barnes i m scared of them 
i am scared to be around with dogs 
hey i always wanted to be a chef 
yes i like experimenting i m already 32 
i m still in marion so i do a lot of stuff 
how do you like it in enjoying it 
why not are you on the night 
are you at a mall or something 
i am in australia . are you in the military ? 
i like my hobbies . i am kind of boring 
i teach my kids at home and like crafts 
why do you think that 
are you an aggressive individual ? 
i can understand that though 
i have seven of them 
i like scary movies . i am joanna , you ? 
where are you from ? i grew up in south carolina 
did you got to college there ? 
i graduated recently . from usc . my parents pushed me into it , wanted better 
music is great ! my mom teaches that . my dad just tends the farm 
do you play with other musicians ? 
what kind of music do you guys play ? 
nothing much , just stressed about the semester . you ? 
bacon fryer . hasn t that already been done tho ? 
ah ! what s your day job again ? lol ! 
tort , constitution law , liability , and legal research 
2 more years . but i m thinking about human rights work . 
i want to make money to pay my loans off 
but i also want to do something that better lives , and affects our generation 
not sure . maybe i ve just watched too much tv growing . 
it is pretty hot but good for working in my garden . 
yes , it is plenty of food for my family with plenty to give away . 
your vegetables will taste better . what kind of work do you do ? 
i work in a pipe factory . it pays well but is dangerous . 
yes , someone was killed by a stack of pipes falling a few years ago . 
you have to watch out what you are doing as well as the other people . 
yes , are you a dancer ? 
i do not work . i am a full time student trying to get a degree in education 
what do you do for fun ? i live to hike and play rugby 
i actually was just running through a field of orchids whilst listening to lil weeze 
that is wonderful . there is nothing better than hanging with friends at church 
i wish i could afford pizza . . . . let alone food . 
too high for a 22 year old girl . 
ohh very , more than can be spoken about here . 
i am tired was a long day at the office . how about you ? 
what class are you studying for ? 
oh i bet that is a lot of studying . do you listen to music when you study ? 
oh i enjoy listening to oldies music when i am working at my desk all day . 
no i live alone getting ready to retire soon maybe i will meet someone then . 
nice do you like to go out to eat ? i enjoy finding good barbeque restaurants . 
what do you do when you go out ? i go to the gym and play racquetball . 
oh where do you like to eat at ? 
it was good , i got took a nice hike in the mountains near my house 
nonsense , no ones too short to hike 
that is the taller persons problem , i am tall and i always try and slow down 
yeah , do you have any pets ? 
i have 2 kittens , one just peed on my bed though 
yep , i need some stain remover so i will have to go the the store 
i will likely drive myself 
it is pretty nice , i love driving 
hello , i am doing just fine . how about you ? 
that sounds like a good time . 
i love reading too ! what types of books do you like ? 
i prefer fiction and sci fi 
right now i am just working as a secretary , but i hope to move up 
beyond reading i really like to play soccer , i was on the team back in college 
what types of things do you like to craft ? 
wow , that is a very diverse spread of crafts ! 
so so . really craving a drink tonight . quit five years ago . how are you ? 
sounds nice . i have been working on my wooden sail boat . 
sail in , although my day trade is carpentry . what do you do for a living ? 
that sounds like fun . i would like to take my wife and kids to europe . 
yep . wish i had more friends , but they kept losing to me in poker . 
need to go to europe just for the new chances to win . 
i hear you . do have some other hobbies ? 
just working on my boat . 
hi . that is awesome . i am in beauty school to be a hair dresser . 
do not really know yet . no one has complained about my hair cuts yet . 
i have exotic fish . what kind of pets do you have 
we cant let your cats anywhere near my aquarium . what do you like to eat ? 
i am a creature of habit . granola and breakfast go together . 
not so much . i spend too much time at garage sales looking for 50s deco . 
true . do you like to exercise , or just diet ? 
i am great . a little hot since i am furry . i am changing soon . 
i am only 28 but i am a mamas boy who taught me to eat healthy . 
awesome . do you play on second life ? i do and i love it ! 
i wish i could do that since living in texas i see them a lot . 
that would be nice ! i think those cars are cool . old or newer versions ? 
wow i would love to see that collection ! do you drive them ? 
oh my that is a very early start to a life of crime ! 
i bet . i would not be happy either . what do you drive now ? 
oh that is cool . i can do your hair before a show . hair stylist here haha 
oh that sounds like hard work . can i bring all 3 of my dogs to the farm ? 
oh wow . i gotta hear you sing one day haha 
yes i do everything . except sunday . that is when i watch football 
haha cool cool . i cant wait till christmas . my favorite holiday 
oh awesome . that must be a good time lol 
besides styling hair i smoke pot haha 
oh is there where youre from ? hopefully in us too lol 
hi there . of course we can be friends . 
i have a fiance . no kids yet though . 
no i do not . i spend most of time outdoors . i love hiking . 
oh nice . my father did the same . retired and stopped drinking for 3 years now . 
i understand . my mom is a nurse so she pressured him into doing it for his health . 
i love hiking , camping and cooking . love the outdoors . 
i listen to everything but mainly enjoy rock how about yourself ? 
nice . what is your favorite food ? 
great ! how are you doing ? 
oh no ! i am sorry . what is your favorite band ? 
i like rock , but i like a wide variety too 
oh neat ! i have a dog named ginger . do you have pets too ? 
they are so rewarding and are great company ! 
oh , is she a romantic interest ? or just a friend ? 
i do . no worries , it is not like you are mean . 
right now i am attending school . i like msic . 
my family consists of 4 , myself , one sibling , and 2 parents . 
i am short at 5 ft tall . how about you ? 
that sounds very nice , yes . 
i love pepsi , it is the best . 
but it tastes so wonderful ! 
i understand your point of view . 
i am a stay at home mother . 
hi . i am not . i am eccentric and a hair stylist for dogs . 
sorry to hear . do you collect ? i do . my favorite is civil war antiques . 
that is funny . i sometimes fake a british accent to be funny and attractive . 
hilarious ! do you have any food allergies ? mine is mangoes . 
you are very lucky ! i wish i could eat mangoes . i would eat them everyday . 
oh i like those too . what is your favorite vegetable ? i love them all . 
oh cucumber salads are my favorite too ! i just had some earlier today . 
hello ! i am 24 . how are you ? 
you are going to live there ? 
wow nice so this is your last year in high school . 
i finished my bachelor degree . 
it took me 5 years as one year i was part time . 
are you honor or soar student ? 
wow congratulations . best of luck . 
i am not very crafty but i like to write 
wow . i like to work out too . we can be friends 
i have all these yummy healthy recipes . i wrote a cookbook 
i like to read . plays mostly 
it is a good way to unwind . 
a dog and 2 cute kitties how about you ? 
like the show on nickelodeon ! 
just me and the pets , you ? 
hey there i am fine and you ? 
i love black , blue , red , gold , golden rose . 
i was born in day time . you ? 
how old are you if you want to share 
haha how come you do not know your ages . 
lol we all know our ages . i am 24 
i am not married , i am single are you married ? 
i feel so sorry to hear this . 
i am good . do you have any hobbies ? 
i love the out doors like hiking and camping . 
nope , but my dad is retired . 
i am more about myself as well . i love eating red meat . 
do you like car stereos ? 
i have one in my truck . 
i wish i could cook out and camp . 
i wish i has someone to do this with . 
i am engage to my high school sweetheart . 
you probably seen my doug . he is a sport person on tv . 
i am a singer song writer ? and you ? 
i am not looking to make any new friends but what your specialty dish ? 
hmmm . that is special . would you like to talk politics teacher ? 
independent . both democratic and republican parties are flawed . 
being backed in a corner and not fighting back will strip you of your rights ! 
i am more of a reader 
i work in an office , you ? 
oh , are you a troubled teen ? 
well good for you . i also love italian 
how about travel ? i want to go see the world 
that is something . if you do not travel do you read travel books ? 
i love to read . it is next best to being there 
almost . i also enjoy long walks 
i am a thing in fashion and acting . but not sure how i will like ny . 
moving there next year . love to sing . surf and skate too . you ? 
i spent most my life in california sharks are grey . what parts do you sing ? 
neat . so do you perform or work in the industry ? 
if you can sing , go get on the voice ! or take up surfing . 
is there surfing around new york ? 
do not know why i thought that . where do you surf ? 
sounds like i will need to travel more . 
what do you mean by that ? 
i was at the beach earlier , i live on this small island called edris island 
why are you so busy ? 
my parents died a few months ago and i have been taking things easy 
that job must be depressing , luckily i still have my sister and my dog , ralph . 
i love dogs too , do you happen to own any pets ? 
no , i am mixed so i do not specify with any certain culture and eat all foods . 
it is okay . thankfully , i did not have court today . 
it is . columbus day is still celebrated here in oklahoma , even us natives must observe . 
i was not , i raise dogs and horses 
i am so sorry that happened . need an attorney ? 
cool ! i am an atheist . 
i have had success in litigating cases against the va . 
i prefer to spend my time outdoors , worshipping nature 
good . is english your native tongue ? it is mine . 
i work as an engineer , but i cannot stand any bugs that i find while working . 
that sounds very creative . do you like music ? bach is my favorite . 
how cool you make sculptures . i love bacon and tried to make a sculpture with some . 
i also watch cooking shows ! great way to get recipe ideas . 
i have a small mole on my chin . what color is your hair ? 
is your hair long or short ? 
i understand what you are saying . any plans for tonight ? 
i am well , studying for an exam 
yes college . working on a degree in marine biology 
sounds fun , unlike kids my age i do not drink , smoke or party 
i guess . what do you do 
you must be very strong then 
trying to find a mate at the gym ? 
that is absolutely fine , nothing wrong with being alone 
hi , i am doing great , how are you doing ? 
how was the zoo and the animals ? 
wow what color is the bear and what kind ? 
that is amazing , how many do you have ? 
that is a lot of bears wow , how long have you been collecting them ? 
how long have you been a nurse ? 
i am a full time babysitter 
it is extremely fun and very active not for the money . 
mine is captain america , civil war ! my daddy took me to see it before he died . 
i like to dance , i pretend the winter soldier is my boyfriend . 
my parents and i lived on edris island , before they died . where are you ? 
i have not been to america yet . i am on the canadian mainland . 
i do not know . maybe when i graduate high school . 
i have a dog and a horse . they are both very nice and like to be petted . 
aww . that is a cute name . what kind of dog is she ? 
hello , well , and you ? i love dogs ! cats i am allergic to . 
sorry to hear that . making crafts takes my stress away . i enjoy it . 
unfortunately , i cannot . i am too busy homeschooling my child . 
very neat ! do you like to get up early ? i love it . the earlier the better ! 
that is too cute ! mothers always know the best things to say . 
oh yes . well , i like to think so ! 
i enjoy crafting artsy things . 
that is awesome ! i love dream catchers . 
that is cool . i enjoy painting but my day job is at a research center 
you are so smart ! 
i am not . i would not want my webbed toes to be passed on to kids 
i do not know . we are not in touch . 
i am afraid of people getting mad when i take their trash for my art . you ? 
hobby artist . i clean animal cages for a living so they do not scare me 
they do not scare me 
hello there i am fine and you ? 
no i actually do not like dogs i am afraid ot them 
i do not love animals at all i love babies lol 
a lot music is my everything . i can not live without it . 
i do not like any band . i like singers who sings alone 
i never have heard this song before . 
i will . do you work ? 
i am looking for a job it is hard . 
that is good . i just got married too ! 
i have 3 kids and a dog . 
i love listen to rap music with my family and eat pizza . 
i love tacos and running . do you have any siblings ? 
i have a couple of sisters and a brother . 
i like jazz music too . what books do you like ? 
i do like cars . i have a 2015 honda civic . 
i want a couple of vintage cars . 
hi i am good . how are you 
hunting would be fun , but i only have the one leg after my accident . 
gotta live , right ? ! i get way too tired way too fast 
i do . being an older guy , i keep my faith in god strong 
good to hear others still have faith . 
2 dogs , 2 cats , and 2 bearded dragons . 
i love having pets . they keep me busy . 
sorry to hear that , i cant imagine 
i am really into bluegrass i love to jam of it 
i have blue hair thanks match my skating outfit 
i lived there too in high school , i worked at hollister in the mall 
you know i hate chips 
i looked like a robot with the tail i has as a baby 
i had it cut off when i was a baby 
i skate for money now and play music all the time 
i am ok considering recovering from surgery yesterday . how are you ? 
dinner sounds good . if i was not walking on these crutches i could cook 
i had surgery on my leg yesterday . i hurt it in a car accident 
now it will be a while before i can play frisbee with my dogs 
i really like playing frisbee with them but now it will be a while . 
2 huge great danes . they can reach the stove but they cant cook 
doctor said i need protein so i eat sardines every day for breakfast 
they go crazy when they smell the sardines but sorry these are for me . 
hello , i am great , watching captain america 
i do not , do you ? i did used to have an elephant a long time ago . 
huskies are interesting creatures . they are always happy . 
that sounds fun , i should get a dog . 
or six otters , they are adorable . 
i am sorry to hear that , are you recovering well ? 
i do not understand football or baseball . 
i am not , i enjoy being single . 
good . just got done volunteering for the animal shelter . you ? 
my parents taught and they always use to make me watch . so boring 
i would rather hike the mountains near my house and watch the wildlife . 
what do you like to do ? i love to listen to barry manila 
what are you currently reading ? i like to read about animals 
interesting . i would vote if barry manila was running ! 
good , currently cuddling with my five animals . you ? 
i have two dogs and three cats . its a mad house 
i am good . just sitting here jamming to metallica . 
no i am not , you ? 
one of my brothers just got engaged , the other is single like me . 
growing up in wisconsin , i played hockey all the time . 
my job as a managerial consultant keeps me from playing any these days . 
it can be . it is very demanding . 
i went to dartmouth , yourself ? 
did you like it there ? 
maybe you should get a new husband , i am 40 and still love like i was younger . 
yeah i have kids and got divorced too . so now i hate to stay still . 
since my kids left i have a lot of time and cash to spend . 
i would like to give you what you need if i can . 
i am on my knees stacy praying , i want to be there for you , grow old together . 
aww geez man , i am sorry aw geez . 
you can keep the apartment . . . and the robots 
you win i will steal the portal gun for you we can work on the sauce 
that is great ! family is awesome . mine lives down the street from me . 
are you conservative ? i am . 
hopefully the pay is worth it ! do you like ford or chevy ? my truck is a ford . 
i disagree . every sunday i am in church . generally the more conservative are there . 
oh , an electric car would be cool . that would be good for the environment . 
i understand . organized religion is not for everyone . 
oh really ? i did not know that . 
that is cool . i do not know a lot of them except for brands . 
hello , interesting introduction you have there 
that is unfortunate . what is something that you enjoy doing ? 
that is a really cool profession ! i am studying right now to become a doctor 
rabbits ? yes , i do like to read but also love to shop for clothes 
you change topic really fast . theodore is a cool guy though 
i am thinking of starting a blog too 
bet my volkswagen beetle car would not help you with that 
believed me , i also can not sometime too 
i just stay home all the time and do not do physical things 
no i do not i stay inside and watch movies all the time 
i have 1 dog and 2 cats with my husband he is my world 
they are bankers how about yourself ? 
does your place sell ice cream it is my favorite food , what is yours ? 
pizza is the perfect food to watch movies with , what is your favorite movie ? 
that is a good movie what is your favorite show on netflix ? 
those are on my list to watch i am way behind 
do you have any plans this weekend ? 
i am going hunting this weekend . 
on the north side . i will be hunting wildlife . 
no , the week after i will be restoring classic cars . 
probably , if the weather permits . 
yeah , they look pretty interesting . 
i heard that romance novels are long and they a long time to read . 
i work long hours as a handyman and do not have the time to read . 
i am pretty good , loving this autumn weather , you ? 
purple . i have a turtle , do you like any animals ? 
that is pretty cool , any favorite sports ? 
no , not at all . spiritual maybe , but not much else . what about you ? 
what is your favorite thing to do ? 
do you enjoy it ? my mother was a cna , emotionally painful for her . 
that is super sweet , i would love a profession meeting new people . 
hi ! yes , there are several . do you like bacon ? 
i like it covered in chocolate . 
either , lol . it is all good . 
i am a civil engineer , you ? 
i used to do that before i earned my degree . 
i went to akron u , in ohio . 
it truly is . akron is a great little city . 
i prefer the rolling stones , they have been around forever . 
very well , how are you ? 
i bet ! my children are grown . i have 3 and 6 grandchildren . 
ah . how about pets ? i have 3 one cat and two dogs . 
i love animals . i also love people and caring for them . 
i work in a nursing home . i am a nurses aide . 
steak and mashed potatoes . do you ride a bike ? i love riding mine . 
really ? you are missing out for sure ! 
i teach people sometimes . i could help you learn . 
i have a pet dog too . he is a blast . 
lol funny how they become like four legged humans 
lol funny . my girl lives with me 
are you healing ok from that 
i am still a student i can not find a good job yet either 
yeah hard now day . do you travel 
flying is ok but i like to see the countryside 
fishing is another fun pass time i like 
doing great , how are you ? 
i am sorry to hear that , how are you dealing with it ? 
consider going on long walks , it would help clear the mind 
same , i have a large dog i take for walks 
i have been planning a trip to europe 
yeah it is my dream vacation so i have been reading about it 
that is very interesting to hear about 
i am from canada . how about you ? 
wow , how is it there ? 
do you get into politics ? 
i love to listen to debates . 
i like listening to hilary clinton 
do you like computers or anything like that ? 
what do you like about them ? 
it is crazy how quickly they have become needed . 
hello , i am doing well , just adding weird stickers to my sticker collection 
just some funky looking stickers shaped like worms 
what else do you like ? i like to read poetry 
oh i see ! anything else ? i like to hike in my spare time 
places with a lot of trees and wildlife , i quite enjoy nature 
spilled what beans ? be careful 
oh , i will tell you more about myself then i want to learn to draw 
okay thanks , i hope you have one too 
hi randy , i am good ! just at work . what about you ? 
much cooler than being an accountant ! 
yeah , its hard sometimes . i hike when i can with my sons 
sounds like fun . where do you play ? 
i am in ohio , ever play there ? 
darn , i am in cleveland . 
yeah , i would drive to columbus , but i drive an old civic . 
i cant imagine driving something so big ! 
i am a doing great getting ready to enjoy reading a mystery . 
bluegrass wow , that is pretty cool . what instrument ? 
i drive trucks across the u . s . for a living . 
cool , i love traveling although it can be lonely sometimes 
my truck is blue like my favorite color . 
sure , go ahead then i care share with my seven children 
i was born with fangs i still have them . 
yes sometimes i introduce myself as a real vampire 
great spending time with my dog charlie he is a hoot 
no kids just brothers and sisters 
neat i follow the stock market carefully since becoming a stock broker 
i plan on visiting australia since my parents live there its beautiful 
yes very much i make an awesome eggplant parmigiana my fave 
yes i love vintage things so artsy 
i love the 50s i was born in 1956 
you are a young person 
doing good . just got in from playing basketball love sports 
aww i am also studying education in college 
my mother is a nurse great vocation 
i am a senior being 22 i am almost done ! 
i have one cat named radar and you ? 
aww sweet some of my friends have dogs i enjoy being with them 
yes he likes to follow me around 
haha that is funny radar is indoor only 
probably not , but how has your day been ? 
interesting , i came back from my brother wedding . 
what kind of quilt would you make ? 
do you like cats ? i dislike animals . 
no , i am just not good with animals . 
i like board games more than nice cats . 
what kinds of games do you like ? 
tired after driving my truck for delivery . on the road for 19 hours . 
i like music but love mystery books more . have any children ? 
we are a family of 9 . husband , me and the children . 
never played . sounds fun . i like the ocean and anything blue . 
me too . i really like farms . my family had a really big one . 
good for you . i will be driving for years to pay for those 7 kids . 
absolutely ! but it is nice to have some alone time too . 
what do you do for a living ? 
i love animals too ! i have 1 dog . i also love music . who is your favorite band ? 
not so much . . i am still in school so i have to read for grades 
same here . . do you have any siblings ? i only have a brother 
aww that is too bad ! whats your business called ? 
its hard to keep up . i am 5ft and 110 pounds so i think i am doing okay 
nice ! i try to cook at home as much as possible ! 
well i just had a baby so everything is currently about her ! 
her name is ellenor rose . we alos have a 4th family member whose a dog names milly 
i am doing well , i am taking a break from building a tree house . 
i have been building tree houses for over 40 years now , the tree is safe . . 
why are you worried about the world ? 
yeah , humans have been rough on our plant . do you have any other hobbies ? 
do you knit any of your clothes ? i am a knitter . 
i often get funny looks when people see a 40 year old man knitting ! 
your mom must be very brave ! 
i hate sitting still , i imagine your mom is the same way ! 
we ate way earlier . always by 630 . how about you ? 
sounds yummy ! do you work tomorrow ? 
i love traveling . i often quilt while my husband drives . 
i am too old for much of that anymore . we prefer visiting great american landmarks . 
we keep it to great american landmarks . we love seeing american history . 
we have a tiny lapdog . she likes to go on road trips with us . 
so , what do you do for a living ? 
working from home ? ! wow , how the times change ! 
i am good , are they your dogs ? 
oh i see . are you good with dogs then ? 
i enjoy being in the outdoors , especially if i get to break out my tent . 
i am not a good dancer but i love listening to loud music 
wow that is cool . i do not eat candy . unless its made of animals . 
that is cool . i am pretty boring . sorry . 
no surprise . but no bad surprises either . . . 
that is very true . i am very drama free . 
good , you ? enjoying a lazy day with my dog , max 
no , i am living in the dorms with my girlfriend . one pet limit 
used to , but the homework for my studies burnt me out gonna be a lawyer 
mostly about my adventures . i love traveling . what do you do for fun ? 
ooh , sounds fun ! have you been doing that for a long time ? 
same . i much prefer the company of my dog over people ! 
cute ! what are their names ? 
haha ! about as creative as me naming my dog max 
no hobbies , but i too love oreos , although i am dieting right now . 
transition ? what do you do for fun ? i like going to the beach . 
oh ok . what is your favorite animal ? 
i love horses ! i love to get my nails done in my spare time . 
i like pink floyd too ! i am working right now at my fathers car dealership . 
i like him . he is great when he hosts the oscars . 
i never saw his kids . do you want to go to college ? 
its always a good idea to have a back up . 
my day is going fine , and yours ? 
i am tired , as well . i had a long day in court 
i am a prosecutor . had a big animal neglect case today . i hate to see animals mistreated 
nice . it is the belief of my people that animals are sacred 
sounds like a lot of physical work . i spend time with my 2 dogs for fun 
very convenient . i live on a reservation in oklahoma 
yes , i am a native american from the tribe called iroquois 
i am a 40 year old man . 
you should enjoy being young . what do you want to do when you finish school ? 
i do maintenance and repair on homes . do you plan on attending college ? 
that is a great option to further your acting career . what do you enjoy doing for fun ? 
i enjoy finding old cars and making them new again . what is your favorite food ? 
i like to eat animals that i have killed myself . deer mostly , sometimes duck . 
i like japanese too , as long as its not seafood . a lot of seafood makes me i will . 
i agree with your feeling about sushi . are you japanese ? 
just on my daily walk . favorite part of my day . you ? 
how nice ! how do they look ? 
i do not get my nails done often . hard to tend to my garden with them . 
what a good idea . thank you ! 
carrots , squash , zucchini . i first found out how fun zucchini is while traveling . 
it really is a lot of fun . 
i find herbs to be very fun too . relaxing . 
i am alright , how are you ? 
same , i am browsing music while my baby brother takes his nap . what are you up to ? 
are you a fashion model ? 
that sounds awesome , i am too short to be one at five foot . 
i am part of a noise band , we are hoping to play in vegas 
what kind of show do you have ? 
that sounds cool . how did you get involved there ? 
i am very proud of you . i am going to school to be a fashion designer . 
i think it would be . i want kids one day . 
wow ! that is impressive . have you ever been in trouble with the law ? 
i actually was arrested for shoplifting . 
haha that would be pretty funny ! 
i actually saw the judge and had a case . it was scary . 
i ended up having to do community service . 
yes but it was not much . i was only in high school 
lol i am here ! in seattle in my apartment with my two roomies . 
sounds fun ! what do you do for a living ? i teach kindergarten . 
very cool , do you sculpt or paint ? 
awesome ! hopefully it pays more than teaching , i hardly can pay bills . 
after my student loans are done i should be ok . 
yes it was rough . i have been out for two years now . 
some people are like that . it is not for everyone . 
those are interesting hobbies . i enjoy crafting . 
you have a lot of pets 
i have two kids . that keeps me busy enough . lol 
that is a busy job especially around the holidays 
actually not anymore . it is a long story 
i like bottled water too 
i am in construction . i love making things from scratch . 
i wish that i could cook 
why do you say that 
hello how are you ? i currently go to college what about you ? 
that is so cool . are you single ? my girl resides with me . 
that is awesome . any other pets ? my pups name is max . 
how nice . what did you go to school for ? i am going for law . 
wow are you democratic ? tell me about bora bora i love sightseeing and trying fun things . 
that is cool . oh yes traveling is my nature . where else have you been ? 
wow awesome places . i have been to almost every country there is . 
hi , animal lover here , two hound dogs and a trio of cats . 
never ! do you like music ? i love barry manila , he is my favorite . 
i am studying to be a teacher , following in my parents footsteps . and you ? 
mountains are near where i like so i hike every weekend . bears are a problem . 
i bet you can learn a lot studying ice , must be cold though . 
yikes , too cold for me . i will stay home with my pets ! 
you are missing out my friend , they bring a lot of joy to life . 
yup , they filled the void for me when my parents died in a plane crash . 
i did not know it was a holiday 
its a little warm for me 
oh that would be a great walk 
i have one dog and a couple of kids that might be considered pets lol 
free time ? what do you mean by that ? haha 
i work with finances for large firms 
it is great . i travel a lot . 
great just working at pet smart 
when i get off i am going to go running and listen to nirvana the greatest band ever 
then i might do some musician work on the guitar 
what did your father do mine was a police officer 
what music do you like my favorite is nirvana 
i miss my dad he was a police officer i need to go running 
i am a musician in training 
i work with pets at pet smart 
my dad liked to travel so it has become my passion 
i am 23 in law school you ? 
are you very good at tae kwan do ? i am quite good at law 
i do ! i love adventures of all kinds especially with my girlfriend 
any that involve traveling . we are trying to get to every state 
you should travel . it is so great ! 
do you have any pets ? my dog is a chihuahua named max 
hi ! i am well , thanks . i actually just got back from a hike . 
i am in ohio where there are lots of wooded trails . 
yes , very nice . my 2 sons love to hike buttermilk falls . 
i try to not eat many sweets to set a good example for my boys . 
i am single mom so other than hiking , a lot of running my boys around to sports 
it is great . what about yourself ? 
i love dancing . what style ? 
salsa is really fun ! what do you do for work ? 
sure , i am named lucy . 
yeah . what do you do for a living ? 
i am a secretary at an office . 
i do ! i have not been out of college long . 
yeah , i go to church often . 
do you like to play sports ? soccer is my favorite . 
i was on the team at my college . 
where do you live ? i like in sc . 
i teach little 5 year olds and can barely make ends meet each month 
nothing much . . just sitting here with my one and only little kitten 
its just me and my cat i live alone after i graduated college 
it was the best years of my life 
i live in a 2 bedroom that i can no longer afford each months hbu 
i teach 5 year olds 
i like to go out with friends and try new foods 
vegan food . . thinking about making the switch 
i am fine . i am getting off my job just now . 
i am a lifeguard . and i also sell insurance . 
good luck . i also like to write fantasy books . are you a reader ? 
that is cool . do you get your books at the bookstore or online ? 
are you going for elementary education or high school or college ? 
kids are a lot of fun . 
it sounds like you are not all in . 
sure , sounds fun . what is your name ? 
well , i do love a good adventure , sounds fun 
i usually enjoy cereal in the morning with my girlfriend 
i think i can live with that 
i am a law student with lots of homework , they can snuggle with me while studying 
do not worry , when i am a lawyer i will make lots of money for us 
i love to travel , we can play frisbee on beaches around the world 
it is going okay even better with my purple nails 
i get that do you 
like water or oceans ? i am terrified . 
cool , like sports ? i love the ohio buckeyes 
really ? cool ! like gardens ? i do 
yes i did an in ohio 
yes it is where do you work ? 
oh okay , that is good i do in a factory 
doing good . i live in the midwest 
do you have any animals i have a cat i do not like dogs 
i hope you do not eat cats . . . lol 
i enjoy watching superhero movies of the dark variety 
cute name i worked at a carnival many years ago it was fun 
lol good exercise ! i usually relax by drinking some scotch 
you are too young to drink 
i do not drink to get drunk just relax 
hello , how are you today ? i fight for environmental rights . 
that sounds neat . i actually work selling homes . so you ranch ? 
my kids would love to see your horses . 
thank you . are you considering college ? 
i bet it does ! working in real estate is not much exercise . 
oh i love natural raised foods . 
he was a very talented singer . 
how old are you ? i am 34 . 
hi there ! the lord of the rings ! i am a huge binge watcher 
well that is between my two part time jobs . 
i am a nurse . i work in the er and surgery unit 
yes it is awesome . i must admit i love fantasy . what do you do ? 
no way ! ! ! tell me , tell me ! 
i live in texas , where are you traveling right now ? 
i totally understand that . it is tough for kids . 
yikes ! that must have been interesting . 
hey i am doing great what about you 
o is playing poker hard ? i have been wondering for a while 
hmm i might try it soon i am gonna be 21 soon 
oh i know , i know way too many casino addicts to get addicted 
i do not think i will be able to i have a baby but 21st birthday so why not 
true very true so what are you doing 
oh do you like it ? 
that is great so do you like animals 
i am well tell me about yourself ? 
i work in a program mentoring troubled teens and i love to sing in choir 
no i do love animals though 
awe what is your favorite kind of food ? mine is italian 
neato do you have any hobbies ? i have been in taekwondo classes since i was a child 
that is nice i love working out too 
i like to paint and travel 
am fine and just preparing to go and watch a movie 
am going to watch a war movie with my friend at my place 
why ? is it because you got a boy friend ? 
okay is he rude or just ignores you ? 
so how about your mum 
yes i love it especially on a very cold day 
am a giant woman and even some men fear me 
would you like to meet me or i have scared you 
i am good how r you ? 
ah , i am 14 still in school and like most teenagers hating it 
i wanna be in performing arts when i get older . do you have kids 
do you have any pets . i have a dog . 
wow that is a lot no cats i hope 
well that is a strange combo 
lol . do you like music 
i like football too just really learning it tho 
that sounds fun . i am more of a soft rock guy . 
i love animals . i grew up around horses in north dakota . 
i love fresh food . i can stuff all the time . 
not very much . work keeps me pretty busy . 
i recently changed jobs , started in advertising last year . 
that would a fun job . what do you do for fun ? 
i love movies . i wish i could go more often . 
i am pretty bored actually . listening to music . 
a lot of love , grace , kindness , scatting and dancing . 
i was hoping you knew what i was talking about ! school , no work ! 
do i ? maybe a little to ficken 
no like the emphasis on do like duh , who does not love bbq 
homer simpson ? obviously , who else is homer , but explain ! 
omg i am ! guess how tall i am 
5 foot on the dot , so weird . do you even need a fork lift ? lol 
i just got home from the synagogue . do you go to church ? 
you might like working in a paper comapny like they do on the office . 
it sounds like you have a rough life ! i have been pretty lucky myself . 
i grew up with my aunt uncle here in new york . 
he sounds like a nice guy ! if i had a car i would like to visit him ! 
i do not like anything sweet like shakes . do you have any pets ? 
my wife made me get rid of my snake . are you married ? 
lol . . sounds like you are good at getting there but not staying ! ; p 
pretty good , just finished a long shift in labor and delivery . where do you work ? 
that sounds nice ! do you have any children ? 
that is nice ! i have a dog , only child i want to have haha 
i go to the gym often . how about you ? 
i have heard granola is good with milk . but the only thing i drink is water 
it takes a lot of time , so i am currently single . but i like being single 
maybe we could go to the gym together sometime ! 
hi , i am good , you ? 
awesome , i did a lot of those classes , now i am a nurse 
22 ? i started volunteering at the red cross at that age , still do 
oh fun , i just added another teddy bear to my collection ! 
i like the band radiohead a lot , green is my favorite color 
yes , i play basketball . you ? 
that is really good . its snowing here in idaho 
fall is so pretty in some places . i am mike by the way 
